abies alba
abies nephrolepis
abies nordmanniana
abutilon theophrasti
acaena novae
acantholimon ulicinum
acanthus mollis
acer campestre
acer cappadocicum
acer negundo
acer platanoides
acer pseudoplatanus
acer tataricum
aceras anthropophorum
achillea alpina
achillea asplenifolia
achillea atrata
achillea clavennae
achillea erba-rotta
achillea filipendulina
achillea impatiens
achillea millefolium
achillea nana
achillea ochroleuca
achillea oxyloba
achillea pannonica
achillea pratensis
achillea ptarmica
achillea pyrenaica
achillea setacea
acinos alpinus
acinos arvensis
aconitum anthora
aconitum firmum
aconitum lycoctonum
aconitum moldavicum
aconitum napellus
aconitum plicatum
aconitum variegatum
acorellus pannonicus
acorus calamus
actaea rubra
actaea spicata
adenophora liliifolia
adenostyles alliariae
adenostyles alpina
adenostyles leucophylla
adiantum capillus-veneris
adonis aestivalis
adonis annua
adonis distorta
adonis flammea
adonis vernalis
adoxa moschatellina
aegilops cylindrica
aegilops geniculata
aegopodium podagraria
aesculus 
aesculus hippocastanum
aethionema arabicum
aethionema saxatile
aethusa cynapium
agoseris aurantiaca
agrimonia eupatoria
agrimonia odorata
agropyron pectinatum
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis rupestris
agrostis stolonifera
ailanthus altissima
aira caryophyllea
aira praecox
ajuga chamaepitys
ajuga chia
ajuga genevensis
ajuga laxmannii
ajuga pyramidalis
ajuga reptans
alcea biennis
alcea rosea
alcea rugosa
alchemilla conjuncta
alchemilla crinita
alchemilla fissa
alchemilla glabra
alchemilla glabricaulis
alchemilla glaucescens
alchemilla hoppeana
alchemilla micans
alchemilla monticola
alchemilla obtusa
alchemilla pentaphyllea
alchemilla straminea
alchemilla vulgaris
alchemilla xanthochlora
aldrovanda vesiculosa
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
alkanna tinctoria
alliaria petiolata
allium angulosum
allium atropurpureum
allium carinatum
allium flavum
allium ochroleucum
allium oleraceum
allium paniculatum
allium paradoxum
allium roseum
allium rotundum
allium schoenoprasum
allium scorodoprasum
allium senescens
allium sphaerocephalon
allium strictum
allium ursinum
allium victorialis
alnus alnobetula
alnus glutinosa
alnus incana
alopecurus aequalis
alopecurus geniculatus
alopecurus myosuroides
alopecurus pratensis
alopecurus rendlei
althaea armeniaca
althaea cannabina
althaea hirsuta
althaea officinalis
althaea taurinensis
alyssum alyssoides
alyssum bertolonii
alyssum montanum
alyssum murale
alyssum ovirense
alyssum smolikanum
amaranthus albus
amaranthus blitoides
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
amaranthus retroflexus
ambrosia artemisiifolia
amelanchier ovalis
amerorchis rotundifolia
anacamptis pyramidalis
anagallis arvensis
anagallis foemina
anaphalioides bellidioides
anaphalis margaritacea
anchusa a
anchusa barrelieri
anchusa officinalis
andrachne colchica
andromeda polifolia
androsace alpina
androsace carnea
androsace chamaejasme
androsace elongata
androsace hausmannii
androsace lactea
androsace lehmanniana
androsace maxima
androsace obtusifolia
androsace septentrionalis
androsace villosa
anemone baldensis
anemone blanda
anemone canadensis
anemone multifida
anemone narcissiflora
anemone nemorosa
anemone ranunculoides
anemone sylvestris
anemone trifolia
anethum graveolens
angelica archangelica
angelica lucida
angelica palustris
angelica sylvestris
anogramma leptophylla
antennaria carpatica
antennaria dioica
anthemis abagensis
anthemis arvensis
anthemis austriaca
anthemis cotula
anthemis maritima
anthemis ruthenica
anthemis tinctoria
anthericum liliago
anthericum ramosum
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
anthriscus cerefolium
anthriscus nitida
anthriscus sylvestris
anthyllis montana
anthyllis vulneraria
antirrhinum majus
antirrhinum sempervirens
apera spica-venti
aphanes arvensis
aphanes australis
apium graveolens
apium repens
apocynum androsaemifolium
aponogeton distachyos
aposeris foetida
aquilegia alpina
aquilegia atrata
aquilegia einseleana
aquilegia viridiflora
aquilegia vulgaris
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis alpina
arabis auriculata
arabis caerulea
arabis glabra
arabis hirsuta
arabis nemorensis
arabis pauciflora
arabis sagittata
arabis soyeri
aralia nudicaulis
arbutus andrachne
arbutus unedo
arctium lappa
arctium minus
arctium tomentosum
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctous alpina
arctous ruber
aremonia agrimonoides
arenaria bertolonii
arenaria biflora
arenaria conferta
arenaria grandiflora
arenaria moehringioides
arenaria serpyllifolia
arenaria tenella
aristolochia clematitis
aristolochia rotunda
armeria alpina
armeria maritima
armeria scabra
armeria vulgaris
armoracia rusticana
arnica angustifolia
arnica montana
arnoseris minima
aronia melanocarpa
arrhenatherum elatius
artemisia absinthium
artemisia borealis
artemisia campestris
artemisia eriantha
artemisia frigida
artemisia pancicii
artemisia pontica
artemisia santonicum
artemisia scoparia
artemisia vallesiaca
artemisia vulgaris
arum cylindraceum
arum maculatum
aruncus vulgaris
asarum europaeum
asclepias syriaca
asparagus officinalis
asperugo procumbens
asperula arvensis
asperula capitata
asperula cynanchica
asperula doerfleri
asperula neilreichii
asperula tinctoria
asphodeline taurica
asphodelus albus
asphodelus fistulosus
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium adulterinum
asplenium 
asplenium cuneifolium
asplenium presolanense
asplenium ruta-muraria
asplenium septentrionale
asplenium trichomanes
asplenium viride
aster alpinus
aster amellus
aster bellidiastrum
aster linosyris
aster pyrenaeus
aster tripolium
astragalus agrestis
astragalus alopecurus
astragalus alpinus
astragalus americanus
astragalus arenarius
astragalus asper
astragalus australis
astragalus austriacus
astragalus cicer
astragalus danicus
astragalus dasyanthus
astragalus depressus
astragalus exscapus
astragalus frigidus
astragalus glycyphyllos
astragalus monspessulanus
astragalus norvegicus
astragalus onobrychis
astragalus penduliflorus
astragalus vesicarius
astrantia major
astrantia minor
athamanta cretensis
athamanta vestina
athyrium distentifolium
athyrium filix-femina
atriplex hortensis
atriplex littoralis
atriplex oblongifolia
atriplex patula
atriplex portulacoides
atriplex prostrata
atriplex rosea
atriplex sagittata
atriplex tatarica
atropa bella-donna
aubrieta deltoidea
aubrieta gracilis
aurinia saxatilis
avena fatua
avenella flexuosa
avenula pubescens
ballota nigra
barbarea balcana
barbarea bracteosa
barbarea stricta
barbarea vulgaris
bartsia alpina
bassia sedoides
batrachium aquatile
batrachium circinatum
batrachium fluitans
batrachium peltatum
batrachium rionii
batrachium trichophyllum
beckmannia eruciformis
bellis annua
bellis perennis
berardia subacaulis
berberis vulgaris
bergenia crassifolia
berteroa incana
berula erecta
beta vulgaris
betonica officinalis
betula carpatica
betula humilis
betula nana
betula oycoviensis
betula pendula
betula pubescens
bidens cernua
bidens ferulifolia
bidens frondosa
bidens radiata
bidens tripartita
bifora radians
biscutella laevigata
bistorta major
bistorta vivipara
blackstonia acuminata
blackstonia perfoliata
blechnum spicant
blysmus compressus
bolboschoenus laticarpus
bolboschoenus maritimus
bolboschoenus planiculmis
bolboschoenus yagara
bombycilaena erecta
borago officinalis
bornmuellera baldaccii
bothriochloa ischaemum
botrychium lunaria
botrychium matricariifolium
botrychium minganense
botrychium multifidum
botrychium virginianum
brachypodium pinnatum
brachypodium sylvaticum
brassica repanda
briza maxima
briza media
bromus arvensis
bromus benekenii
bromus erectus
bromus hordeaceus
bromus inermis
bromus japonicus
bromus secalinus
bromus sterilis
bromus tectorum
bryonia alba
bryonia dioica
buddleja davidii
bulbocodium vernum
bunias orientalis
buphthalmum salicifolium
bupleurum affine
bupleurum baldense
bupleurum falcatum
bupleurum fruticosum
bupleurum longifolium
bupleurum ranunculoides
bupleurum rotundifolium
bupleurum stellatum
bupleurum tenuissimum
butomus umbellatus
buxus sempervirens
cakile edentula
cakile maritima
calamagrostis arundinacea
calamagrostis epigejos
calamagrostis pseudophragmites
calamagrostis varia
calamagrostis villosa
calendula arvensis
calendula officinalis
calla palustris
callianthemum anemonoides
callianthemum coriandrifolium
callianthemum kernerianum
calligonum calliphysa
callitriche 
callitriche cophocarpa
callitriche hamulata
callitriche hermaphroditica
callitriche palustris
callitriche platycarpa
callitriche stagnalis
calluna vulgaris
caltha natans
caltha palustris
calypso bulbosa
calystegia pulchra
calystegia sepium
calystegia soldanella
camelina microcarpa
camelina rumelica
camelina sativa
campanula abietina
campanula alpestris
campanula alpina
campanula barbata
campanula bohemica
campanula bononiensis
campanula carpatica
campanula cenisia
campanula cervicaria
campanula cespitosa
campanula cochleariifolia
campanula gelida
campanula gentilis
campanula gieseckiana
campanula glomerata
campanula hawkinsiana
campanula lasiocarpa
campanula latifolia
campanula macrostachya
campanula medium
campanula moravica
campanula patula
campanula persicifolia
campanula pulla
campanula punctata
campanula pyramidalis
campanula rapunculoides
campanula rhomboidalis
campanula rotundifolia
campanula scheuch
campanula serrata
campanula sibirica
campanula spicata
campanula thyrsoides
campanula trachelium
campanula 
camphorosma annua
camphorosma monspeliaca
canadanthus modestus
cannabis ruderalis
cannabis sativa
capsella bursa-pastoris
capsella rubella
caragana arborescens
cardamine amara
cardamine asarifolia
cardamine bellidifolia
cardamine carnosa
cardamine flexuosa
cardamine glauca
cardamine hirsuta
cardamine impatiens
cardamine pratensis
cardamine resedifolia
cardamine trifolia
cardaminopsis halleri
cardaminopsis neglecta
cardaminopsis petraea
cardaria draba
carduus acanthoides
carduus carlinoides
carduus crispus
carduus defloratus
carduus nutans
carduus personata
carex acuta
carex acutiformis
carex alba
carex appropinquata
carex aquatilis
carex arctogena
carex arenaria
carex aterrima
carex atrata
carex atrofusca
carex baldensis
carex bicolor
carex bigelowii
carex bohemica
carex brachystachys
carex brevicollis
carex bri
carex buekii
carex buxbaumii
carex canescens
carex capillaris
carex capitata
carex caryophyllea
carex cespitosa
carex chordorrhi
carex curvula
carex davalliana
carex demissa
carex depauperata
carex depressa
carex derelicta
carex diandra
carex digitata
carex dioica
carex distans
carex disticha
carex divisa
carex divulsa
carex echinata
carex elata
carex elongata
carex ericetorum
carex extensa
carex ferruginea
carex filifolia
carex firma
carex flacca
carex flava
carex foetida
carex frigida
carex fritschii
carex fuliginosa
carex halleriana
carex hartmanii
carex heleonastes
carex hirta
carex hordeistichos
carex hostiana
carex humilis
carex inops
carex kitaibeliana
carex lachenalii
carex lasiocarpa
carex leersii
carex lepidocarpa
carex limosa
carex liparocarpos
carex loliacea
carex macrocephala
carex macrolepis
carex magellanica
carex maritima
carex melanostachya
carex mertensii
carex michelii
carex microglochin
carex montana
carex muricata
carex nigra
carex obtusata
carex ornithopoda
carex otrubae
carex ovalis
carex pairae
carex pallescens
carex panicea
carex paniculata
carex parviflora
carex pauciflora
carex pediformis
carex pendula
carex pilulifera
carex praecox
carex pseudobri
carex pseudocyperus
carex pulicaris
carex pyrenaica
carex rariflora
carex remota
carex riparia
carex rostrata
carex rufina
carex rupestris
carex saxatilis
carex scirpoidea
carex secalina
carex sempervirens
carex spicata
carex stenophylla
carex strigosa
carex supina
carex sylvatica
carex tomentosa
carex umbrosa
carex vaginata
carex vesicaria
carex viridula
carex vulpina
carlina acaulis
carlina vulgaris
carpinus betulus
carpobrotus edulis
carthamus lanatus
carthamus tinctorius
cassiope tetragona
castanea sativa
castilleja miniata
catabrosa aquatica
caucalis platycarpos
celtis australis
celtis tournefortii
centaurea aspera
centaurea calocephala
centaurea cyanus
centaurea delucae
centaurea depressa
centaurea diffusa
centaurea jacea
centaurea macrocephala
centaurea melitensis
centaurea montana
centaurea nervosa
centaurea pseudophrygia
centaurea ptarmicoides
centaurea scabiosa
centaurea solstitialis
centaurea stenolepis
centaurea stoebe
centaurea triumfetti
centaurea uniflora
centaurium erythraea
centaurium littorale
centaurium maritimum
centaurium pulchellum
centaurium spicatum
centranthus angustifolius
centunculus minimus
cephalanthera damasonium
cephalanthera epipactoides
cephalanthera longifolia
cephalanthera rubra
cephalaria gigantea
cephalaria transsylvanica
cerastium alsinifolium
cerastium arcticum
cerastium arvense
cerastium banaticum
cerastium brachypetalum
cerastium decalvans
cerastium dubium
cerastium eriophorum
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium glutinosum
cerastium holosteoides
cerastium lucorum
cerastium moesiacum
cerastium pumilum
cerastium semidecandrum
cerastium smolikanum
ceratophyllum demersum
ceratophyllum submersum
cerinthe minor
ceterach javorkeanum
ceterach officinarum
chaerophyllum aromaticum
chaerophyllum aureum
chaerophyllum bulbosum
chaerophyllum hirsutum
chaerophyllum temulum
chamaecytisus albus
chamaecytisus austriacus
chamaecytisus purpureus
chamaecytisus ratisbonensis
chamaecytisus supinus
chamaecytisus virescens
chamorchis alpina
chelidonium majus
chenopodium album
chenopodium bonus-henricus
chenopodium botrys
chenopodium capitatum
chenopodium chenopodioides
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium hybridum
chenopodium murale
chenopodium polyspermum
chenopodium pumilio
chenopodium rubrum
chenopodium strictum
chenopodium suecicum
chenopodium urbicum
chenopodium vulvaria
chimaphila umbellata
chondrilla juncea
chrysopogon gryllus
chrysosplenium alternifolium
chrysosplenium oppositifolium
cicendia filiformis
cicer arietinum
cicerbita alpina
cicerbita plumieri
cichorium intybus
cicuta douglasii
cicuta maculata
cicuta virosa
cimicifuga europaea
circaea 
circaea lutetiana
cirsium acaule
cirsium arvense
cirsium 
cirsium brachycephalum
cirsium canum
cirsium drummondii
cirsium eriophorum
cirsium erisithales
cirsium heterophyllum
cirsium oleraceum
cirsium palustre
cirsium pannonicum
cirsium rivulare
cirsium spinosissimum
cirsium undulatum
cirsium vulgare
cirsium waldsteinii
cistus incanus
cistus salviifolius
citrullus lanatus
cladium mariscus
claytonia alsinoides
claytonia lanceolata
clematis alpina
clematis flammula
clematis integrifolia
clematis recta
clematis vitalba
clinopodium vulgare
clypeola jonthlaspi
cnicus benedictus
cnidium dubium
cochlearia groenlandica
cochlearia pyrenaica
cochlearia tatrae
coeloglossum viride
colchicum arenarium
colchicum autumnale
colchicum hungaricum
coleanthus subtilis
collomia linearis
colutea arborescens
comastoma tenellum
commelina communis
conioselinum tataricum
conium maculatum
conringia austriaca
conringia orientalis
consolida orientalis
consolida regalis
convallaria majalis
convolvulus arvensis
convolvulus boissieri
convolvulus cantabrica
conyza canadensis
coptidium lapponicum
coptis trifolia
corallorhiza maculata
corallorhiza trifida
coriandrum sativum
corispermum nitidum
corispermum pallasii
cornus canadensis
cornus mas
cornus sanguinea
cornus sericea
cornus suecica
coronilla coronata
coronilla scorpioides
coronilla vaginalis
coronopus squamatus
corrigiola litoralis
cortusa matthioli
corydalis alba
corydalis aurea
corydalis capnoides
corydalis cava
corydalis intermedia
corydalis lutea
corydalis pumila
corydalis sempervirens
corydalis solida
corylus avellana
corylus colurna
corynephorus canescens
cosmos bipinnatus
cotinus coggygria
cotoneaster integerrimus
cotoneaster laxiflorus
cotoneaster tomentosus
crambe tataria
crataegus douglasii
crataegus laevigata
crataegus lindmanii
crataegus monogyna
crataegus praemonticola
crepidotus variabilis
crepis aurea
crepis biennis
crepis capillaris
crepis cony
crepis foetida
crepis froelichiana
crepis jacquinii
crepis mollis
crepis paludosa
crepis pannonica
crepis praemorsa
crepis pulchra
crepis pygmaea
crepis setosa
crepis sibirica
crithmum maritimum
crocosmia 
crocus albiflorus
crocus discolor
cruciata glabra
cruciata laevipes
cruciata pedemontana
crupina vulgaris
crypsis aculeata
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cryptogramma crispa
cucubalus baccifer
cuscuta approximata
cuscuta epithymum
cuscuta europaea
cyclamen coum
cyclamen fatrense
cyclamen purpurascens
cyclamen repandum
cycloloma atriplicifolium
cydonia oblonga
cymbalaria muralis
cynanchum acutum
cynodon dactylon
cynoglossum montanum
cynoglossum officinale
cynosurus cristatus
cyperus eragrostis
cyperus flavescens
cyperus fuscus
cyperus glomeratus
cyperus longus
cyperus michelianus
cyperus rotundus
cypripedium acaule
cypripedium calceolus
cypripedium guttatum
cypripedium macranthon
cypripedium parviflorum
cypripedium passerinum
cystopteris bulbifera
cystopteris fragilis
cystopteris sudetica
cytisus nigricans
cytisus procumbens
cytisus scoparius
daboecia cantabrica
dactylis glomerata
dactylis polygama
dactylorhiza 
dactylorhiza baltica
dactylorhiza bohemica
dactylorhiza cordigera
dactylorhiza curvifolia
dactylorhiza ericetorum
dactylorhiza fuchsii
dactylorhiza incarnata
dactylorhiza lapponica
dactylorhiza maculata
dactylorhiza majalis
dactylorhiza ochroleuca
dactylorhiza sambucina
dactylorhiza traunsteineri
danthonia alpina
danthonia decumbens
daphne alpina
daphne arbuscula
daphne blagayana
daphne cneorum
daphne glomerata
daphne julia
daphne laureola
daphne me
daphne oleoides
daphne pontica
daphne sericea
daphne striata
datura stramonium
daucus carota
delphinium elatum
delphinium oxysepalum
dendranthema 
dentaria bulbifera
dentaria enneaphyllos
dentaria glandulosa
dentaria pentaphyllos
deschampsia cespitosa
descurainia sophia
dianthus alpinus
dianthus arenarius
dianthus armeria
dianthus barbatus
dianthus carthusianorum
dianthus collinus
dianthus deltoides
dianthus glacialis
dianthus gratianopolitanus
dianthus haematocalyx
dianthus knappii
dianthus lumnit
dianthus microlepis
dianthus moravicus
dianthus nitidus
dianthus pavonius
dianthus plumarius
dianthus pontederae
dianthus praecox
dianthus serotinus
dianthus spiculifolius
dianthus sternbergii
dianthus superbus
dianthus sylvaticus
dianthus sylvestris
diapensia lapponica
dictamnus albus
digitalis ferruginea
digitalis grandiflora
digitalis lanata
digitalis purpurea
digitalis viridiflora
digitaria sanguinalis
diphasiastrum alpinum
diphasiastrum complanatum
diphasiastrum issleri
diphasiastrum oellgaardii
diphasiastrum tristachyum
diphasiastrum 
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dipsacus fullonum
dipsacus laciniatus
doronicum austriacum
doronicum clusii
doronicum columnae
dorycnium germanicum
dorycnium herbaceum
draba ai
draba bryoides
draba dolomitica
draba dubia
draba fladni
draba hoppeana
draba lasiocarpa
draba muralis
draba nemorosa
draba tomentosa
dracocephalum austriacum
dracocephalum ruyschiana
drosera anglica
drosera 
drosera intermedia
drosera rotundifolia
dryas drummondii
dryas integrifolia
dryas octopetala
dryas punctata
dryopteris cristata
dryopteris dilatata
dryopteris filix-mas
duchesnea indica
ecballium elaterium
echinochloa crus-galli
echinocystis lobata
echinops exaltatus
echinops ritro
echinops sphaerocephalus
echium italicum
echium maculatum
echium plantagineum
echium vulgare
elaeagnus angustifolia
elaeagnus commutata
elatine alsinastrum
elatine hexandra
elatine hydropiper
elatine triandra
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis carniolica
eleocharis ovata
eleocharis palustris
eleocharis quinqueflora
eleocharis uniglumis
eleusine indica
elodea canadensis
elymus caninus
elyna myosuroides
elytrigia intermedia
elytrigia repens
empetrum hermaphroditum
empetrum nigrum
ephedra distachya
epilobium alpestre
epilobium alsinifolium
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium brunnescens
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium collinum
epilobium dodonaei
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium latifolium
epilobium montanum
epilobium nutans
epilobium obscurum
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
epimedium alpinum
epimedium pinnatum
epipactis albensis
epipactis atrorubens
epipactis greuteri
epipactis helleborine
epipactis komoricensis
epipactis leptochila
epipactis microphylla
epipactis muelleri
epipactis palustris
epipactis placentina
epipactis pontica
epipactis pseudopurpurata
epipactis purpurata
epipactis tallosii
epipactis voethii
epipogium aphyllum
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum ramosissimum
equisetum sylvaticum
equisetum telmateia
equisetum variegatum
eragrostis minor
eranthis hyemalis
erechtites hieraciifolius
eremurus spectabilis
erica carnea
erica cinerea
erica spiculifolia
erica tetralix
erica vagans
erigeron acris
erigeron alpinus
erigeron annuus
erigeron caespitosus
erigeron compositus
erigeron glabellus
erigeron karvinskianus
erinus alpinus
eriogonum flavum
eriophorum angustifolium
eriophorum gracile
eriophorum latifolium
eriophorum scheuch
eriophorum vaginatum
eriophorum viridicarinatum
eritrichium nanum
erodium ciconium
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
erophila spathulata
erophila verna
eruca sativa
erucastrum gallicum
erucastrum nasturtiifolium
eryngium alpinum
eryngium amethystinum
eryngium campestre
eryngium maritimum
eryngium planum
erysimum cheiranthoides
erysimum crepidifolium
erysimum durum
erysimum hieraciifolium
erysimum hungaricum
erysimum odoratum
erysimum repandum
erysimum wittmannii
erythronium dens-canis
euclidium syriacum
euonymus europaeus
euonymus verrucosus
eupatorium cannabinum
euphorbia amygdaloides
euphorbia angulata
euphorbia austriaca
euphorbia cyparissias
euphorbia dulcis
euphorbia epithymoides
euphorbia esula
euphorbia exigua
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia herniariifolia
euphorbia lucida
euphorbia marginata
euphorbia myrsinites
euphorbia palustris
euphorbia paralias
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia platyphyllos
euphorbia saxatilis
euphorbia seguieriana
euphorbia sojakii
euphorbia verrucosa
euphorbia villosa
euphrasia alpina
euphrasia frigida
euphrasia minima
euphrasia rostkoviana
euphrasia stricta
fagopyrum esculentum
fagus sylvatica
falcaria vulgaris
fallopia aubertii
fallopia convolvulus
fallopia dumetorum
ferula sadleriana
festuca altissima
festuca amethystina
festuca arundinacea
festuca brevipila
festuca filiformis
festuca gigantea
festuca ovina
festuca pallens
festuca pratensis
festuca pseudovina
festuca rubra
festuca rupicola
festuca supina
festuca valesiaca
festuca versicolor
ficaria calthifolia
ficaria verna
filago arvensis
filago lutescens
filago minima
filago vulgaris
filipendula kamtschatica
filipendula ulmaria
filipendula vulgaris
forsythia 
fragaria moschata
fragaria vesca
fragaria virginiana
fragaria viridis
frangula alnus
frankenia hirsuta
fraxinus excelsior
fraxinus ornus
fritillaria meleagris
fritillaria montana
fritillaria tubiformis
fumana procumbens
fumaria capreolata
fumaria officinalis
fumaria rostellata
fumaria schleicheri
fumaria vaillantii
gagea bohemica
gagea liotardii
gagea lutea
gagea minima
gagea pratensis
gagea pusilla
gagea transversalis
gagea villosa
galactites tomentosus
galanthus nivalis
galatella cana
galatella punctata
galeobdolon argentatum
galeobdolon luteum
galeobdolon montanum
galeopsis angustifolia
galeopsis bifida
galeopsis ladanum
galeopsis pubescens
galeopsis speciosa
galeopsis tetrahit
galinsoga parviflora
galinsoga quadriradiata
galium album
galium anisophyllon
galium aparine
galium austriacum
galium 
galium boreale
galium cespitosum
galium glaucum
galium megalospermum
galium murale
galium odoratum
galium palustre
galium pumilum
galium rivale
galium rotundifolium
galium saxatile
galium spurium
galium sudeticum
galium sylvaticum
galium tricornutum
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
galium verum
galium wirtgenii
genista germanica
genista januensis
genista pilosa
genista sagittalis
genista tinctoria
gentiana acaulis
gentiana affinis
gentiana asclepiadea
gentiana clusii
gentiana cruciata
gentiana frigida
gentiana glauca
gentiana lutea
gentiana macrophylla
gentiana nivalis
gentiana pannonica
gentiana pneumonanthe
gentiana punctata
gentiana purpurea
gentiana pyrenaica
gentiana septemfida
gentiana terglouensis
gentiana utriculosa
gentiana verna
gentianella amarella
gentianella austriaca
gentianella bulgarica
gentianella campestris
gentianella fatrae
gentianella germanica
gentianella lutescens
gentianella obtusifolia
gentianella praecox
gentianopsis ciliata
gentianopsis macounii
geocaulon lividum
geranium bicknellii
geranium cinereum
geranium columbinum
geranium dissectum
geranium endressii
geranium lucidum
geranium macrorrhi
geranium molle
geranium nodosum
geranium palustre
geranium pratense
geranium psilostemon
geranium purpureum
geranium pusillum
geranium robertianum
geranium sanguineum
geranium sylvaticum
geum bulgaricum
geum coccineum
geum montanum
geum reptans
geum rivale
geum triflorum
geum urbanum
gladiolus communis
gladiolus illyricus
gladiolus imbricatus
gladiolus palustris
glaucium corniculatum
glaucium flavum
glaux maritima
glechoma hederacea
glechoma hirsuta
gleditsia triacanthos
globularia bisnagarica
globularia cordifolia
globularia nudicaulis
globularia trichosantha
glyceria fluitans
glyceria maxima
glyceria notata
glycyrrhiza echinata
gnaphalium norvegicum
gnaphalium supinum
gnaphalium sylvaticum
gnaphalium uliginosum
goodyera oblongifolia
goodyera repens
gratiola officinalis
grindelia squarrosa
groenlandia densa
gunnera tinctoria
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnadenia densiflora
gymnadenia frivaldii
gymnadenia odoratissima
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
gypsophila fastigiata
gypsophila muralis
gypsophila paniculata
gypsophila petraea
gypsophila repens
hacquetia epipactis
hammarbya paludosa
harrimanella hypnoides
hedera helix
hedysarum alpinum
hedysarum boreale
hedysarum hedysaroides
hedysarum varium
heleochloa alopecuroides
heleochloa schoenoides
helianthemum apenninum
helianthemum canum
helianthemum grandiflorum
helianthemum rupifragum
helianthus annuus
helianthus nuttallii
helianthus tuberosus
helichrysum arenarium
helictotrichon desertorum
heliotropium europaeum
helleborus foetidus
helleborus niger
helleborus odorus
helleborus orientalis
helleborus purpurascens
helleborus viridis
hemerocallis fulva
hepatica nobilis
heracleum lanatum
heracleum mantega
heracleum sphondylium
herminium monorchis
herniaria glabra
herniaria hirsuta
herniaria incana
hesperis matronalis
hesperis tristis
hibiscus trionum
hieracium alpinum
hieracium aurantiacum
hieracium bauhini
hieracium caespitosum
hieracium decipiens
hieracium flagellare
hieracium floribundum
hieracium glandulosodentatum
hieracium glomeratum
hieracium intybaceum
hieracium iseranum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium lactucella
hieracium laevigatum
hieracium maculatum
hieracium melanocephalum
hieracium murorum
hieracium pedunculare
hieracium pilosella
hieracium piloselloides
hieracium rohlenae
hieracium sabaudum
hieracium schmidtii
hieracium schneiderianum
hieracium schultesii
hieracium tubulosum
hieracium umbellatum
hieracium villosum
hierochloe australis
hierochloe odorata
himantoglossum adriaticum
himantoglossum caprinum
himantoglossum hircinum
hippocrepis comosa
hippocrepis emerus
hippophae rhamnoides
hippuris vulgaris
holcus lanatus
holcus mollis
holosteum umbellatum
homogyne alpina
honckenya peploides
hordelymus europaeus
hordeum brevisubulatum
hordeum geniculatum
hordeum jubatum
hordeum murinum
horminum pyrenaicum
hornungia petraea
hottonia palustris
hugueninia tanacetifolia
humulus lupulus
huperzia arctica
huperzia selago
hyacinthoides hispanica
hydrocharis morsus-ranae
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle vulgaris
hylotelephium argutum
hylotelephium jullianum
hylotelephium maximum
hylotelephium telephium
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hyoscyamus albus
hyoscyamus niger
hypericum androsaemum
hypericum elegans
hypericum hirsutum
hypericum humifusum
hypericum maculatum
hypericum montanum
hypericum perforatum
hypericum tetrapterum
hypochaeris maculata
hypochaeris radicata
hypochaeris uniflora
hyssopus officinalis
iberis spathulata
ilex aquifolium
illecebrum verticillatum
impatiens balfourii
impatiens glandulifera
impatiens noli-tangere
impatiens parviflora
imperatoria ostruthium
inula britannica
inula cony
inula crithmoides
inula ensifolia
inula germanica
inula hirta
inula oculus-christi
inula salicina
ipomoea purpurea
iris aphylla
iris arenaria
iris graminea
iris lactea
iris latifolia
iris lineolata
iris pallida
iris pseudacorus
iris pumila
iris reginae
iris sibirica
iris sintenisii
iris spuria
iris variegata
isatis campestris
isatis tinctoria
isoetes echinospora
isoetes histrix
isoetes lacustris
isoetes velata
isolepis setacea
isopyrum thalictroides
iva xanthiifolia
jankaea heldreichii
jasione montana
jasminum fruticans
jovibarba globifera
juglans nigra
juglans regia
juncus acutiflorus
juncus alpinoarticulatus
juncus anceps
juncus arcticus
juncus articulatus
juncus atratus
juncus bufonius
juncus bulbosus
juncus capitatus
juncus castaneus
juncus compressus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus effusus
juncus filiformis
juncus gerardii
juncus inflexus
juncus jacquinii
juncus maritimus
juncus pygmaeus
juncus sphaerocarpus
juncus squarrosus
juncus subnodulosus
juncus tenageia
juncus tenuis
juncus trifidus
juncus triglumis
juniperus communis
juniperus foetidissima
juniperus hori
juniperus oxycedrus
juniperus phoenicea
juniperus sabina
jurinea cyanoides
jurinea mollis
kalmia microphylla
kickxia elatine
kickxia spuria
knautia arvensis
knautia drymeja
knautia kitaibelii
knautia maxima
kobresia simpliciuscula
kochia laniflora
kochia prostrata
kochia scoparia
koeleria glauca
koeleria macrantha
koeleria pyramidata
koeleria tristis
krascheninnikovia ceratoides
laburnum anagyroides
lactuca perennis
lactuca serriola
lactuca tatarica
lactuca viminea
lagurus ovatus
lamium album
lamium amplexicaule
lamium maculatum
lamium orvala
lamium purpureum
lappula semicincta
lappula squarrosa
lapsana communis
larix decidua
larix sibirica
laserpitium archangelica
laserpitium gallicum
laserpitium halleri
laserpitium latifolium
laserpitium prutenicum
laserpitium siler
lastrea limbosperma
lathraea squamaria
lathyrus aphaca
lathyrus cicera
lathyrus clymenum
lathyrus digitatus
lathyrus grandiflorus
lathyrus heterophyllus
lathyrus hirsutus
lathyrus japonicus
lathyrus laevigatus
lathyrus latifolius
lathyrus linifolius
lathyrus niger
lathyrus nissolia
lathyrus palustris
lathyrus pannonicus
lathyrus pisiformis
lathyrus pratensis
lathyrus sylvestris
lathyrus tuberosus
lathyrus venetus
lathyrus vernus
lavandula angustifolia
ledum groenlandicum
ledum palustre
leersia ory
legousia pentagonia
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lemna turionifera
lens culinaris
leontodon autumnalis
leontodon hispidus
leontodon incanus
leontopodium alpinum
leontopodium kamtschaticum
leonurus cardiaca
leonurus marrubiastrum
lepidium campestre
lepidium cartilagineum
lepidium densiflorum
lepidium perfoliatum
lepidium ruderale
lepidium sativum
leucanthemella serotina
leucanthemopsis alpina
leucanthemum ircutianum
leucanthemum virgatum
leucanthemum vulgare
leucojum aestivum
leucojum vernum
leucosinapis alba
levisticum officinale
leymus mollis
libanotis pyrenaica
ligularia sibirica
ligusticum lucidum
ligusticum mutellina
ligusticum mutellinoides
ligustrum ovalifolium
ligustrum vulgare
lilium bulbiferum
lilium martagon
limodorum abortivum
limonium bellidifolium
limonium gmelinii
limonium serotinum
limosella aquatica
linaria alpina
linaria genistifolia
linaria pallidiflora
linaria pelisseriana
linaria repens
linaria supina
linaria vulgaris
lindernia procumbens
linnaea borealis
linum austriacum
linum bienne
linum catharticum
linum dolomiticum
linum flavum
linum hirsutum
linum perenne
linum suffruticosum
linum tenuifolium
linum usitatissimum
liparis loeselii
listera borealis
listera convallarioides
listera cordata
listera ovata
lithospermum arvense
lithospermum officinale
lithospermum purpurocaeruleum
littorella uniflora
lloydia serotina
lobelia dortmanna
lobelia urens
lobularia maritima
loiseleuria procumbens
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera alpigena
lonicera caerulea
lonicera caprifolium
lonicera involucrata
lonicera japonica
lonicera nigra
lonicera periclymenum
lonicera tatarica
lonicera xylosteum
loranthus europaeus
lotus angustissimus
lotus corniculatus
lotus tenuis
lotus uliginosus
lunaria annua
lunaria rediviva
lunaria telekiana
lupinus angustifolius
lupinus arboreus
lupinus micranthus
lupinus polyphyllus
luronium natans
luzula alpinopilosa
luzula campestris
luzula divulgata
luzula lutea
luzula lu
luzula multiflora
luzula pallescens
luzula pilosa
luzula spicata
luzula sudetica
luzula sylvatica
lychnis alpina
lychnis chalcedonica
lychnis coronaria
lychnis flos-cuculi
lychnis flos-jovis
lychnis viscaria
lycium barbarum
lycopodiella inundata
lycopodium annotinum
lycopodium clavatum
lycopsis arvensis
lycopus europaeus
lycopus exaltatus
lysimachia atropurpurea
lysimachia nemorum
lysimachia nummularia
lysimachia punctata
lysimachia thyrsiflora
lysimachia vulgaris
lythrum hyssopifolia
lythrum salicaria
lythrum tribracteatum
lythrum virgatum
maclura pomifera
magnolia 
maianthemum bifolium
maianthemum canadense
maianthemum dilatatum
maianthemum stellatum
malaxis monophyllos
malus domestica
malus sylvestris
malva alcea
malva moschata
malva neglecta
malva pusilla
malva sylvestris
maresia nana
marrubium vulgare
marsilea quadrifolia
matricaria discoidea
matricaria recutita
matteuccia struthiopteris
matthiola sinuata
meconopsis cambrica
medicago arabica
medicago 
medicago falcata
medicago lupulina
medicago marina
medicago minima
medicago prostrata
medicago sativa
melampyrum arvense
melampyrum barbatum
melampyrum bohemicum
melampyrum cristatum
melampyrum nemorosum
melampyrum pratense
melampyrum sylvaticum
melica altissima
melica ciliata
melica nutans
melica picta
melica transsilvanica
melica uniflora
melilotus albus
melilotus altissimus
melilotus dentatus
melilotus officinalis
melissa officinalis
melittis melissophyllum
mentha aquatica
mentha 
mentha longifolia
menyanthes trifoliata
mercurialis annua
mercurialis ovata
mercurialis perennis
mertensia maritima
mertensia paniculata
mespilus germanica
meum athamanticum
microrrhinum litorale
microrrhinum minus
milium effusum
mimulus guttatus
minuartia caespitosa
minuartia corcontica
minuartia glaucina
minuartia glomerata
minuartia hirsuta
minuartia langii
minuartia recurva
minuartia sedoides
minuartia setacea
minuartia smejkalii
misopates orontium
mitella breweri
mitella nuda
moehringia ciliata
moehringia muscosa
moehringia trinervia
molinia arundinacea
molopospermum peloponnesiacum
moltkia coerulea
moltkia petraea
monarda fistulosa
moneses uniflora
monotropa hypophegea
monotropa hypopitys
monotropa uniflora
montia arvensis
montia fontana
montia hallii
morus nigra
muscari armeniacum
muscari comosum
muscari latifolium
muscari neglectum
muscari tenuiflorum
myagrum perfoliatum
mycelis muralis
myosotis alpestris
myosotis arvensis
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis discolor
myosotis nemorosa
myosotis ramosissima
myosotis sparsiflora
myosotis stenophylla
myosotis stricta
myosotis sylvatica
myosoton aquaticum
myosurus minimus
myricaria germanica
myriophyllum alterniflorum
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum spicatum
myriophyllum verticillatum
myrrhis odorata
najas marina
najas minor
narcissus bulbocodium
narcissus poeticus
narcissus pseudonarcissus
nardus stricta
narthecium ossifragum
narthecium scardicum
nasturtium microphyllum
nasturtium officinale
neatostema apulum
neotinea maculata
neottia nidus-avis
nepeta cataria
nepeta nuda
nepeta racemosa
neslia paniculata
nicandra physalodes
nicotiana rustica
nigella arvensis
nigella damascena
nigritella corneliana
nigritella lithopolitanica
nigritella rhellicani
nigritella rubra
nonea pulla
notholaena marantae
notobasis syriaca
nuphar lutea
nuphar pumila
nymphaea alba
nymphaea candida
nymphoides peltata
odontites vernus
oenanthe aquatica
oenothera biennis
oenothera gla
omphalodes scorpioides
omphalodes verna
onobrychis montana
onobrychis viciifolia
ononis arvensis
ononis cristata
ononis natrix
ononis repens
ononis spinosa
onopordum acanthium
onosma arenaria
onosma caucasica
onosma fastigiata
onosma helvetica
onosma tornensis
onosma visianii
ophioglossum vulgatum
ophrys apifera
ophrys fusca
ophrys holoserica
ophrys insectifera
ophrys mammosa
ophrys scolopax
ophrys sphegodes
orchis 
orchis coriophora
orchis elegans
orchis laxiflora
orchis mascula
orchis militaris
orchis morio
orchis pallens
orchis palustris
orchis provincialis
orchis purpurea
orchis simia
orchis spit
orchis tridentata
orchis ustulata
origanum vulgare
orlaya grandiflora
ornithogalum boucheanum
ornithogalum brevistylum
ornithogalum comosum
ornithogalum kochii
ornithogalum nutans
ornithogalum pyrenaicum
ornithogalum umbellatum
orobanche alba
orobanche alsatica
orobanche arenaria
orobanche artemisiae-campestris
orobanche caesia
orobanche caryophyllacea
orobanche coerulescens
orobanche flava
orobanche gracilis
orobanche hederae
orobanche kochii
orobanche lutea
orobanche picridis
orobanche purpurea
orobanche ramosa
orobanche reticulata
orobanche teucrii
orthantha lutea
orthilia secunda
osmunda regalis
ostrya carpinifolia
oxalis acetosella
oxalis articulata
oxalis corniculata
oxalis dillenii
oxalis fontana
oxalis latifolia
oxybaphus nyctagineus
oxycoccus microcarpus
oxycoccus palustris
oxyria digyna
oxytropis campestris
oxytropis carpatica
oxytropis fetida
oxytropis foucaudii
oxytropis halleri
oxytropis jacquinii
oxytropis pilosa
oxytropis podocarpa
oxytropis splendens
oxytropis triflora
paederota bonarota
paeonia anomala
paeonia daurica
paeonia mlokosewitschii
paeonia officinalis
paeonia peregrina
paeonia tenuifolia
paliurus spina-christi
panicum capillare
panicum miliaceum
papaver argemone
papaver aurantiacum
papaver burseri
papaver confine
papaver dahlianum
papaver dubium
papaver ernesti-mayeri
papaver maculosum
papaver radicatum
papaver rhoeas
papaver somniferum
papaver tatricum
paradisea liliastrum
parapholis incurva
parentucellia viscosa
parietaria judaica
parietaria officinalis
paris quadrifolia
parnassia palustris
paronychia cephalotes
paronychia kapela
parthenocissus inserta
parthenocissus quinquefolia
parthenocissus tricuspidata
pastinaca sativa
pedicularis aspleniifolia
pedicularis comosa
pedicularis elongata
pedicularis exaltata
pedicularis foliosa
pedicularis groenlandica
pedicularis hacquetii
pedicularis hirsuta
pedicularis kerneri
pedicularis labradorica
pedicularis langsdorffii
pedicularis oederi
pedicularis palustris
pedicularis portenschlagii
pedicularis recutita
pedicularis rosea
pedicularis rostratocapitata
pedicularis rostratospicata
pedicularis sceptrum-carolinum
pedicularis sudetica
pedicularis sylvatica
pedicularis verticillata
peltaria emarginata
pennellianthus frutescens
penstemon procerus
peplis portula
persicaria alpina
persicaria amphibia
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria maculosa
persicaria minor
persicaria mitis
petasites albus
petasites doerfleri
petasites hybridus
petasites kablikianus
petasites spurius
petrocallis pyrenaica
petrorhagia prolifera
petrorhagia saxifraga
petroselinum crispum
petrosimonia oppositifolia
peucedanum alsaticum
peucedanum arenarium
peucedanum carvifolia
peucedanum cervaria
peucedanum officinale
peucedanum oreoselinum
peucedanum palustre
peucedanum schottii
phacelia tanacetifolia
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phegopteris connectilis
phelypaea tournefortii
philadelphus coronarius
phleum alpinum
phleum phleoides
phleum pratense
phlomis fruticosa
phlomis tuberosa
pholiurus pannonicus
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phyllitis scolopendrium
phyllodoce caerulea
phyllodoce empetriformis
physalis alkekengi
physalis peruviana
physocarpus capitatus
physoplexis comosa
phyteuma 
phyteuma betonicifolium
phyteuma hemisphaericum
phyteuma nigrum
phyteuma orbiculare
phyteuma scheuch
phyteuma spicatum
phyteuma tetramerum
picea abies
picea mariana
picea obovata
picea omorika
picris hieracioides
pilularia globulifera
pimpinella major
pimpinella saxifraga
pinellia ternata
pinguicula alpina
pinguicula 
pinguicula leptoceras
pinguicula vulgaris
pinus 
pinus brutia
pinus cembra
pinus halepensis
pinus heldreichii
pinus mugo
pinus nigra
pinus peuce
pinus pumila
pinus strobus
pinus sylvestris
pinus uncinata
pistacia atlantica
pistacia terebinthus
pistia stratiotes
pisum sativum
plantago afra
plantago altissima
plantago arenaria
plantago atrata
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
plantago maritima
plantago media
plantago tenuiflora
plantago uliginosa
platanthera bifolia
platanthera chlorantha
platanthera dilatata
platanthera hyperborea
platanthera orbiculata
platanthera stricta
platanus 
platanus orientalis
pleurospermum austriacum
poa angustifolia
poa annua
poa badensis
poa bulbosa
poa chaixii
poa compressa
poa granitica
poa laxa
poa nemoralis
poa palustris
poa pratensis
poa riphaea
poa supina
poa trivialis
polemonium boreale
polemonium caeruleum
polycnemum majus
polygala amara
polygala amarella
polygala chamaebuxus
polygala comosa
polygala major
polygala multicaulis
polygala serpyllifolia
polygala vulgaris
polygonatum latifolium
polygonatum multiflorum
polygonatum odoratum
polygonatum verticillatum
polygonum arenarium
polygonum arenastrum
polygonum maritimum
polygonum rurivagum
polypodium interjectum
polypodium vulgare
polystichum aculeatum
polystichum braunii
polystichum lonchitis
populus alba
populus tremula
populus tremuloides
portulaca oleracea
potamogeton acutifolius
potamogeton alpinus
potamogeton coloratus
potamogeton crispus
potamogeton gramineus
potamogeton lucens
potamogeton natans
potamogeton nodosus
potamogeton obtusifolius
potamogeton perfoliatus
potamogeton polygonifolius
potamogeton praelongus
potamogeton richardsonii
potamogeton trichoides
potentilla alba
potentilla anserina
potentilla arenaria
potentilla argentea
potentilla aurea
potentilla brauniana
potentilla caulescens
potentilla clusiana
potentilla erecta
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla gracilis
potentilla grandiflora
potentilla heptaphylla
potentilla inclinata
potentilla micrantha
potentilla nitida
potentilla nivalis
potentilla nivea
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
potentilla recta
potentilla reptans
potentilla rupestris
potentilla sterilis
potentilla supina
potentilla tabernaemontani
potentilla valderia
prenanthes purpurea
primula auricula
primula clusiana
primula elatior
primula farinosa
primula glutinosa
primula halleri
primula hirsuta
primula integrifolia
primula japonica
primula latifolia
primula marginata
primula minima
primula spectabilis
primula veris
primula vulgaris
pritzelago alpina
prunella grandiflora
prunella laciniata
prunella vulgaris
prunus avium
prunus cerasifera
prunus dulcis
prunus fruticosa
prunus insititia
prunus laurocerasus
prunus mahaleb
prunus padus
prunus pensylvanica
prunus serotina
prunus spinosa
prunus tenella
prunus virginiana
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
pseudolysimachion incanum
pseudolysimachion maritimum
pseudolysimachion orchideum
pseudolysimachion spicatum
pseudolysimachion spurium
pseudorchis albida
pseudorosularia pilosa
pseudorosularia sempervivoides
pteridium aquilinum
pterocarya pterocarpa
pterospora andromedea
puccinellia distans
pulegium vulgare
pulicaria dysenterica
pulmonaria angustifolia
pulmonaria mollis
pulmonaria murinii
pulmonaria obscura
pulmonaria officinalis
pulsatilla albana
pulsatilla alpina
pulsatilla 
pulsatilla grandis
pulsatilla patens
pulsatilla pratensis
pulsatilla slavica
pulsatilla subslavica
pulsatilla vernalis
pulsatilla vulgaris
pulsatilla 
puschkinia scilloides
pyracantha coccinea
pyrethrum corymbosum
pyrethrum parthenium
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola carpatica
pyrola chlorantha
pyrola grandiflora
pyrola media
pyrola minor
pyrola rotundifolia
pyrus pyraster
quercus cerris
quercus dalechampii
quercus infectoria
quercus pedunculiflora
quercus petraea
quercus pubescens
quercus robur
quercus rubra
radiola linoides
ramonda serbica
ranunculus aconitifolius
ranunculus acris
ranunculus alpestris
ranunculus amplexicaulis
ranunculus arvensis
ranunculus breyninus
ranunculus bulbosus
ranunculus carpaticus
ranunculus constantinopolitanus
ranunculus crenatus
ranunculus fallax
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus glacialis
ranunculus hybridus
ranunculus hyperboreus
ranunculus illyricus
ranunculus kuepferi
ranunculus lanuginosus
ranunculus lateriflorus
ranunculus lingua
ranunculus muricatus
ranunculus ophioglossifolius
ranunculus pedatus
ranunculus platanifolius
ranunculus polyanthemos
ranunculus pseudomontanus
ranunculus pygmaeus
ranunculus repens
ranunculus reptans
ranunculus sceleratus
ranunculus thora
reseda alba
reseda glauca
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
reseda phyteuma
reynoutria 
reynoutria japonica
reynoutria sachalinensis
rhamnus alaternus
rhamnus cathartica
rhamnus saxatilis
rhinanthus glacialis
rhinanthus major
rhinanthus minor
rhinanthus pulcher
rhodiola integrifolia
rhodiola rosea
rhododendron aureum
rhododendron caucasicum
rhododendron ferrugineum
rhododendron hirsutum
rhododendron luteum
rhododendron ponticum
rhodothamnus chamaecistus
rhus hirta
rhynchospora alba
rhynchospora fusca
ribes alpinum
ribes aureum
ribes petraeum
ribes rubrum
ribes uva-crispa
rindera umbellata
robinia pseudacacia
roemeria hybrida
rorippa amphibia
rorippa austriaca
rorippa palustris
rorippa sylvestris
rosa acicularis
rosa canina
rosa gallica
rosa majalis
rosa multiflora
rosa pendulina
rosa rubiginosa
rosa spinosissima
rosa woodsii
rubia peregrina
rubus arcticus
rubus caesius
rubus canescens
rubus chamaemorus
rubus dollnensis
rubus gracilis
rubus kletensis
rubus odoratus
rubus parviflorus
rubus pedatus
rubus spectabilis
rubus ulmifolius
rudbeckia hirta
rudbeckia laciniata
rumex acetosa
rumex acetosella
rumex alpinus
rumex aquaticus
rumex arifolius
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
rumex hydrolapathum
rumex maritimus
rumex obtusifolius
rumex scutatus
rumex stenophyllus
rumex thyrsiflorus
ruscus aculeatus
ruscus hypoglossum
ruta graveolens
sagina procumbens
sagina saginoides
sagittaria latifolia
sagittaria sagittifolia
salicornia prostrata
salix alba
salix alpina
salix appendiculata
salix arctophila
salix aurita
salix 
salix cinerea
salix daphnoides
salix elaeagnos
salix euxina
salix glauca
salix helvetica
salix herbacea
salix kitaibeliana
salix lapponum
salix myrsinifolia
salix myrtilloides
salix pentandra
salix phylicifolia
salix purpurea
salix repens
salix reticulata
salix retusa
salix rosmarinifolia
salix serpyllifolia
salix silesiaca
salix triandra
salix vestita
salix viminalis
salsola australis
salsola soda
salvia aethiopis
salvia austriaca
salvia glutinosa
salvia nemorosa
salvia nutans
salvia officinalis
salvia pratensis
salvia sclarea
salvia verbenaca
salvia verticillata
salvinia natans
sambucus ebulus
sambucus nigra
sambucus racemosa
samolus valerandi
sanguisorba dodecandra
sanguisorba minor
sanguisorba officinalis
sanicula europaea
sanicula marilandica
saponaria bellidifolia
saponaria ocymoides
saponaria officinalis
saponaria pumila
satureja hortensis
saussurea alpina
saussurea pygmaea
saxifraga adscendens
saxifraga ai
saxifraga androsacea
saxifraga biflora
saxifraga bryoides
saxifraga bulbifera
saxifraga caesia
saxifraga carpatica
saxifraga cernua
saxifraga cespitosa
saxifraga cotyledon
saxifraga crustata
saxifraga cuneifolia
saxifraga depressa
saxifraga exarata
saxifraga federici-augusti
saxifraga florulenta
saxifraga glabella
saxifraga granulata
saxifraga hieraciifolia
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga marginata
saxifraga moschata
saxifraga mutata
saxifraga nivalis
saxifraga oppositifolia
saxifraga paniculata
saxifraga pedemontana
saxifraga retusa
saxifraga rosacea
saxifraga rotundifolia
saxifraga scardica
saxifraga sempervivum
saxifraga squarrosa
saxifraga stellaris
saxifraga taygetea
saxifraga tricuspidata
saxifraga tridactylites
saxifraga wahlenbergii
scabiosa canescens
scabiosa caucasica
scabiosa cinerea
scabiosa columbaria
scabiosa graminifolia
scabiosa lucida
scabiosa ochroleuca
scandix pecten-veneris
scheuchzeria palustris
schoenoplectus lacustris
schoenoplectus pungens
schoenoplectus supinus
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
schoenus ferrugineus
schoenus nigricans
scila bifolia
scilla autumnalis
scilla bifolia
scilla kladnii
scilla luciliae
scilla siberica
scilla vindobonensis
scirpoides holoschoenus
scirpus radicans
scirpus sylvaticus
scleranthus annuus
scleranthus perennis
sclerochloa dura
scolymus hispanicus
scolymus maculatus
scopolia carniolica
scorpiurus muricatus
scorzonera austriaca
scorzonera cana
scorzonera hispanica
scorzonera humilis
scorzonera parviflora
scorzonera psychrophila
scorzonera purpurea
scrophularia canina
scrophularia heterophylla
scrophularia nodosa
scrophularia scopolii
scrophularia umbrosa
scrophularia vernalis
scutellaria alpina
scutellaria altissima
scutellaria baicalensis
scutellaria galericulata
scutellaria hastifolia
scutellaria pinnatifida
secale sylvestre
securigera varia
sedum acre
sedum album
sedum alpestre
sedum annuum
sedum atratum
sedum caespitosum
sedum dasyphyllum
sedum hispanicum
sedum hybridum
sedum magellense
sedum monregalense
sedum ochroleucum
sedum reflexum
sedum rupestre
sedum sexangulare
sedum spurium
sedum villosum
selaginella helvetica
selaginella selaginoides
selinum carvifolia
sempervivum arachnoideum
sempervivum calcareum
sempervivum montanum
sempervivum pittonii
sempervivum tectorum
senecio adonidifolius
senecio aquaticus
senecio carpathicus
senecio doria
senecio doronicum
senecio eremophilus
senecio erraticus
senecio halleri
senecio hercynicus
senecio inaequidens
senecio incanus
senecio jacobaea
senecio ovatus
senecio paludosus
senecio pyrenaicus
senecio rupestris
senecio sarracenicus
senecio subalpinus
senecio sylvaticus
senecio triangularis
senecio umbrosus
senecio vernalis
senecio viscosus
senecio vulgaris
serapias cordigera
serapias lingua
serratula lycopifolia
serratula tinctoria
seseli annuum
seseli gracile
seseli hippomarathrum
seseli osseum
sesleria caerulea
sesleria uliginosa
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
shepherdia canadensis
sherardia arvensis
sibbaldia parviflora
sibbaldia procumbens
sibbaldiopsis tridentata
sideritis montana
silaum silaus
silene acaulis
silene armeria
silene asterias
silene conica
silene dichotoma
silene dioica
silene gallica
silene latifolia
silene multiflora
silene nemoralis
silene noctiflora
silene nutans
silene otites
silene paradoxa
silene pindicola
silene pusilla
silene uniflora
silene uralensis
silene viscosa
silene vulgaris
silene 
silybum marianum
sinapis arvensis
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium loeselii
sisymbrium officinale
sisymbrium orientale
sisyrinchium montanum
sisyrinchium septentrionale
sium latifolium
sium suave
smyrnium perfoliatum
solanum decipiens
solanum dulcamara
solanum linnaeanum
solanum lycopersicum
solanum nigrum
solanum triflorum
solanum tuberosum
solanum villosum
soldanella alpina
soldanella austriaca
soldanella carpatica
soldanella minima
soldanella montana
soldanella pusilla
solidago canadensis
solidago gigantea
solidago virgaurea
sonchus arvensis
sonchus asper
sonchus oleraceus
sonchus palustris
sorbus albensis
sorbus aria
sorbus aucuparia
sorbus barrandienica
sorbus chamaemespilus
sorbus danubialis
sorbus domestica
sorbus eximia
sorbus gemella
sorbus milensis
sorbus omissa
sorbus portae-bohemicae
sorbus quernea
sorbus sudetica
sparganium emersum
sparganium erectum
sparganium natans
spergula morisonii
spergularia echinosperma
spergularia maritima
spergularia rubra
spergularia salina
spiraea chamaedryfolia
spiraea crenata
spiraea salicifolia
spiranthes aestivalis
spiranthes roman
spiranthes spiralis
spirodela polyrhi
stachys alpina
stachys annua
stachys germanica
stachys lavandulifolia
stachys palustris
stachys recta
stachys sylvatica
staphylea pinnata
stellaria alsine
stellaria graminea
stellaria holostea
stellaria longifolia
stellaria media
stellaria neglecta
stellaria nemorum
stellaria pallida
stellaria palustris
stellera chamaejasme
sternbergia colchiciflora
stipa borysthenica
stipa capillata
stipa dasyphylla
stipa eriocaulis
stipa pennata
stipa pulcherrima
stipa tirsa
stratiotes aloides
streptopus amplexifolius
stuckenia 
stuckenia pectinata
suaeda pannonica
suaeda prostrata
suaeda vera
succisa pratensis
succisella inflexa
swertia perennis
symphoricarpos albus
symphyotrichum ericoides
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
symphyotrichum novi-belgii
symphytum bohemicum
symphytum cordatum
symphytum officinale
symphytum tanaicense
symphytum tuberosum
syrenia cana
syringa vulgaris
taeniatherum caput-medusae
tagetes patula
tamarix africana
tamarix parviflora
tamarix smyrnensis
tanacetum bipinnatum
tanacetum vulgare
taraxacum bavaricum
taraxacum bessarabicum
taraxacum madidum
taraxacum parnassicum
taraxacum sect
taraxacum serotinum
taraxacum subalpinum
taxus baccata
teesdalia nudicaulis
telekia speciosa
tephroseris capitata
tephroseris crispa
tephroseris integrifolia
tephroseris papposa
tetragonolobus maritimus
teucrium botrys
teucrium capitatum
teucrium chamaedrys
teucrium montanum
teucrium scordium
teucrium scorodonia
thalictrum aquilegiifolium
thalictrum flavum
thalictrum lucidum
thalictrum simplex
theligonum cynocrambe
thelypteris palustris
thesium alpinum
thesium arvense
thesium bavarum
thesium dollineri
thesium ebracteatum
thesium linophyllon
thesium pyrenaicum
thesium rostratum
thladiantha dubia
thlaspi arvense
thlaspi caerulescens
thlaspi goesingense
thlaspi jankae
thlaspi lereschianum
thlaspi montanum
thlaspi perfoliatum
thlaspi rotundifolium
thlaspi stylosum
thymelaea passerina
thymus alpestris
thymus glabrescens
thymus pannonicus
thymus praecox
thymus pulcherrimus
thymus pulegioides
thymus serpyllum
thymus teucrioides
tilia cordata
tilia platyphyllos
tillaea aquatica
tofieldia calyculata
tofieldia pusilla
torilis arvensis
torilis japonica
tozzia alpina
tozzia carpathica
trachelium caeruleum
tragopogon dubius
tragopogon hybridus
tragopogon orientalis
tragopogon porrifolius
tragopogon pratensis
trapa natans
traunsteinera globosa
triantha glutinosa
tribulus terrestris
trichomanes speciosum
trichophorum alpinum
trichophorum cespitosum
trichophorum pumilum
trientalis europaea
trifolium alpestre
trifolium alpinum
trifolium angulatum
trifolium arvense
trifolium aureum
trifolium badium
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium fragiferum
trifolium hybridum
trifolium incarnatum
trifolium medium
trifolium montanum
trifolium ochroleucon
trifolium orbelicum
trifolium pallescens
trifolium pannonicum
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium resupinatum
trifolium retusum
trifolium rubens
trifolium spadiceum
agrostis capillaris
ajuga pyramidalis
amerorchis rotundifolia
anemone multifida
angelica archangelica
angelica sylvestris
arabis alpina
armeria scabra
arnica angustifolia
artemisia borealis
artemisia frigida
asplenium septentrionale
asplenium viride
bartsia alpina
betula nana
calluna vulgaris
callitriche hermaphroditica
callitriche palustris
caltha palustris
carex aquatilis
carex arctogena
carex bicolor
carex heleonastes
carex maritima
carex obtusata
carex rariflora
carex rufina
carex scirpoidea
cassiope tetragona
cerastium arcticum
cochlearia groenlandica
coeloglossum viride
conioselinum tataricum
coptidium lapponicum
coptis trifolia
corallorhiza trifida
cornus canadensis
cornus suecica
crepis paludosa
cryptogramma crispa
cypripedium passerinum
deschampsia cespitosa
diapensia lapponica
drosera rotundifolia
dryas integrifolia
dryas octopetala
eleocharis acicularis
elymus caninus
epilobium alsinifolium
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium latifolium
equisetum arvense
eriophorum scheuch
euphrasia frigida
fallopia convolvulus
festuca rubra
fragaria virginiana
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
gentiana nivalis
gentianella amarella
geum rivale
glaux maritima
harrimanella hypnoides
hedysarum boreale
hieracium floribundum
hieracium schmidtii
hippuris vulgaris
honckenya peploides
huperzia arctica
lemna trisulca
leontodon autumnalis
leymus mollis
limosella aquatica
listera borealis
listera ovata
loiseleuria procumbens
luzula multiflora
luzula sudetica
lychnis alpina
menyanthes trifoliata
mertensia maritima
neottia nidus-avis
oxyria digyna
oxytropis podocarpa
papaver dahlianum
papaver radicatum
parnassia palustris
pedicularis groenlandica
pedicularis hirsuta
pedicularis labradorica
pedicularis langsdorffii
phleum pratense
pinguicula vulgaris
platanthera hyperborea
platanthera stricta
polemonium boreale
potamogeton richardsonii
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla nivea
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
prunella vulgaris
pseudorchis albida
pulsatilla patens
pyrola grandiflora
ranunculus hyperboreus
ranunculus pygmaeus
ranunculus reptans
rhodiola rosea
rosa acicularis
salix arctophila
salix glauca
salix herbacea
salix lapponum
salix phylicifolia
salix vestita
saxifraga ai
saxifraga cespitosa
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga nivalis
saxifraga oppositifolia
saxifraga stellaris
saxifraga tricuspidata
scheuchzeria palustris
sedum annuum
sedum villosum
silene acaulis
silene uniflora
silene uralensis
trientalis europaea
triglochin maritima
tripleurospermum maritimum
utricularia intermedia
vaccinium myrtillus
vaccinium vitis-idaea
veronica alpina
abies alba
achillea pyrenaica
aethusa cynapium
agrimonia odorata
alchemilla fissa
alchemilla glabra
alchemilla glaucescens
alchemilla micans
alchemilla monticola
alchemilla straminea
alchemilla vulgaris
alisma lanceolatum
antirrhinum sempervirens
anthyllis vulneraria
arabis hirsuta
arbutus unedo
arctium minus
arnoseris minima
aster pyrenaeus
astrantia minor
betula carpatica
bupleurum baldense
callitriche platycarpa
calluna vulgaris
campanula scheuch
cardamine bellidifolia
carduus carlinoides
carex depauperata
carex divulsa
carex pilulifera
carex pyrenaica
chrysosplenium oppositifolium
cicendia filiformis
cornus sanguinea
corrigiola litoralis
crepis mollis
daboecia cantabrica
deschampsia cespitosa
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dracocephalum ruyschiana
dryas octopetala
dryopteris cristata
dryopteris dilatata
elatine hexandra
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis uniglumis
elymus caninus
epilobium alsinifolium
epilobium obscurum
epilobium parviflorum
epipactis atrorubens
erica cinerea
erica tetralix
erica vagans
erucastrum gallicum
euphorbia verrucosa
euphorbia villosa
euphrasia alpina
fagus sylvatica
fallopia convolvulus
festuca filiformis
festuca rubra
filago minima
galium cespitosum
gentiana pyrenaica
geranium cinereum
geranium endressii
geranium sanguineum
gladiolus illyricus
gymnocarpium robertianum
hedera helix
heracleum sphondylium
hieracium flagellare
hieracium floribundum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium lactucella
hieracium schultesii
hippuris vulgaris
holcus mollis
hydrocotyle vulgaris
hypericum montanum
hyssopus officinalis
iberis spathulata
ilex aquifolium
iris latifolia
isoëtes histrix
isoëtes lacustris
isoëtes velata
juncus acutiflorus
juncus bulbosus
juncus squarrosus
laserpitium gallicum
laserpitium siler
leersia ory
lemna minor
leucanthemum ircutianum
ligusticum lucidum
limonium bellidifolium
limosella aquatica
linaria alpina
littorella uniflora
lloydia serotina
lobelia dortmanna
lotus uliginosus
luronium natans
luzula lutea
luzula multiflora
luzula sudetica
lycopodiella inundata
matthiola sinuata
meconopsis cambrica
melilotus altissimus
milium effusum
minuartia caespitosa
monotropa hypophegea
narthecium ossifragum
narcissus triandrus
nasturtium microphyllum
oenanthe aquatica
oxytropis foucaudii
papaver dubium
pedicularis schi
pedicularis sylvatica
peucedanum officinale
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
polygala serpyllifolia
potamogeton polygonifolius
potentilla brauniana
potentilla grandiflora
potentilla nivalis
potentilla palustris
quercus robur
ranunculus amplexicaulis
reseda glauca
ribes uva-crispa
rubus caesius
rubus ulmifolius
rumex acetosa
salix myrsinifolia
salix phylicifolia
sarcocornia perennis
scabiosa cinerea
senecio adonidifolius
senecio doronicum
senecio pyrenaicus
serapias cordigera
silene dioica
sium latifolium
spergula morisonii
spiranthes roman
symphytum officinale
taxus baccata
teesdalia nudicaulis
thesium pyrenaicum
tragopogon pratensis
trifolium dubium
trifolium retusum
trifolium striatum
tuberaria guttata
ulex europaeus
ulex gallii
ulmus glabra
umbilicus rupestris
vaccinium myrtillus
valeriana pyrenaica
viola cornuta
willemetia stipitata
abies alba
acer pseudoplatanus
achillea oxyloba
aconitum plicatum
aethusa cynapium
agrimonia odorata
agrostis capillaris
ajuga pyramidalis
alchemilla monticola
alisma lanceolatum
allium oleraceum
alyssum ovirense
androsace hausmannii
anemone baldensis
anthericum liliago
antennaria dioica
aquilegia vulgaris
arabis alpina
arctium minus
arenaria bertolonii
armeria alpina
arnoseris minima
artemisia pancicii
asperula tinctoria
astragalus alpinus
astrantia major
athamanta cretensis
bassia sedoides
beckmannia eruciformis
berardia subacaulis
betula carpatica
bolboschoenus yagara
botrychium lunaria
callitriche cophocarpa
campanula pulla
cardamine bellidifolia
cardaminopsis neglecta
carex distans
carpinus betulus
centranthus angustifolius
cephalanthera longifolia
cerastium alsinifolium
chaerophyllum aureum
chamorchis alpina
cicerbita alpina
cirsium brachycephalum
clematis alpina
cnidium dubium
cochlearia tatrae
coeloglossum viride
colchicum arenarium
conioselinum tataricum
corrigiola litoralis
cornus sanguinea
cotoneaster laxiflorus
crepis aurea
crocus discolor
cyclamen purpurascens
cypripedium calceolus
cystopteris sudetica
dactylorhiza bohemica
daphne arbuscula
delphinium oxysepalum
deschampsia cespitosa
dianthus serotinus
dictamnus albus
diplotaxis tenuifolia
draba lasiocarpa
dracocephalum ruyschiana
dryas octopetala
dryopteris cristata
eleocharis acicularis
elatine hexandra
elymus caninus
elytrigia intermedia
epilobium obscurum
epipactis atrorubens
equisetum ramosissimum
erica carnea
eritrichium nanum
erucastrum nasturtiifolium
erysimum wittmannii
euphorbia sojakii
euphrasia alpina
fagus sylvatica
fallopia convolvulus
ferula sadleriana
festuca rubra
filago minima
fragaria moschata
galium sudeticum
genista januensis
gentiana cruciata
gentianella germanica
gentianopsis ciliata
geranium phaeum
geum montanum
glaucium corniculatum
globularia nudicaulis
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnocarpium robertianum
gypsophila fastigiata
hacquetia epipactis
hedera helix
helictotrichon desertorum
helleborus odorus
heracleum sphondylium
hieracium villosum
hippocrepis comosa
hippuris vulgaris
holcus mollis
hordelymus europaeus
horminum pyrenaicum
hypericum montanum
hyssopus officinalis
isopyrum thalictroides
juniperus communis
knautia drymeja
koeleria tristis
krashenninikovia ceratoides
laserpitium archangelica
lathyrus laevigatus
leersia ory
lemna minor
leontopodium alpinum
leonurus marrubiastrum
leucanthemum waldsteinii
ligusticum lucidum
lilium bulbiferum
limonium gmelinii
limosella aquatica
linaria alpina
lindernia procumbens
linum dolomiticum
listera ovata
lloydia serotina
luzula lutea
lychnis flos-jovis
lysimachia nemorum
melampyrum barbatum
melilotus altissimus
milium effusum
minuartia glaucina
monotropa hypophegea
nigritella rubra
oenanthe aquatica
onosma helvetica
ophrys insectifera
orchis militaris
orobanche coerulescens
ostrya carpinifolia
oxycoccus palustris
oxytropis campestris
paederota bonarota
papaver burseri
paradisea liliastrum
paronychia cephalotes
pedicularis verticillata
persicaria amphibia
petrocallis pyrenaica
peucedanum officinale
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
physoplexis comosa
phyteuma scheuch
picea abies
pinguicula alpina
pinus cembra
plantago uliginosa
platanthera bifolia
poa granitica
polygala chamaebuxus
polygonatum latifolium
potentilla nitida
primula minima
prunella grandiflora
pulsatilla slavica
pyrola carpatica
quercus pubescens
ranunculus kuepferi
rhodiola rosea
rhododendron hirsutum
rhodothamnus chamaecistus
ribes uva-crispa
rubus caesius
rumex acetosa
salix kitaibeliana
salvia glutinosa
saponaria ocymoides
saxifraga wahlenbergii
scabiosa graminifolia
scopolia carniolica
scutellaria alpina
sedum album
sempervivum montanum
senecio incanus
seseli osseum
silene otites
sium latifolium
soldanella alpina
sorbus quernea
stipa pulcherrima
suaeda pannonica
symphytum officinale
syrenia cana
taraxacum spp
thesium rostratum
thlaspi jankae
thymus pulcherrimus
tilia cordata
tofieldia calyculata
tragopogon pratensis
traunsteinera globosa
trifolium alpinum
triglochin palustris
trinia ucrainica
trisetum fuscum
trollius altissimus
ulmus glabra
valeriana celtica
veratrum lobelianum
verbascum lychnitis
vicia sylvatica
viola riviniana
willemetia stipitata
abies alba
acantholimon ulicinum
aesculus hippocastanum
aethusa cynapium
agrimonia odorata
alchemilla glaucescens
alchemilla micans
alchemilla monticola
alchemilla straminea
alchemilla vulgaris
alisma lanceolatum
allium rotundum
alyssum ovirense
alyssum smolikanum
anthyllis montana
arabis hirsuta
arctium minus
arenaria conferta
aristolochia rotunda
asperula doerfleri
asperula tinctoria
astragalus depressus
athamanta cretensis
aubrieta gracilis
barbarea balcana
barbarea bracteosa
bornmuellera baldaccii
campanula hawkinsiana
campanula scheuch
cardamine carnosa
cardamine glauca
carex divulsa
carex ferruginea
carex kitaibeliana
carex macrolepis
carex parviflora
carex pyrenaica
celtis australis
centaurea ptarmicoides
cerastium decalvans
cerastium moesiacum
cerastium smolikanum
chaerophyllum aromaticum
chaerophyllum aureum
clypeola jonthlaspi
colchicum hungaricum
cornus sanguinea
cynanchum acutum
dactylorhiza cordigera
daphne blagayana
daphne oleoides
deschampsia cespitosa
dianthus haematocalyx
dianthus knappii
dianthus microlepis
digitalis viridiflora
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
doronicum columnae
dracocephalum ruyschiana
dryopteris dilatata
eleocharis acicularis
elymus caninus
elytrigia intermedia
epilobium alsinifolium
epilobium obscurum
epilobium parviflorum
epipactis atrorubens
erica spiculifolia
euphorbia herniariifolia
euphorbia villosa
fagus sylvatica
fallopia convolvulus
festuca amethystina
festuca rubra
festuca valesiaca
fragaria moschata
fragaria viridis
fritillaria montana
genista januensis
gentiana pyrenaica
gentiana utriculosa
gentianella bulgarica
geum bulgaricum
geum coccineum
gladiolus communis
gladiolus illyricus
glaucium corniculatum
glycyrrhiza echinata
gymnadenia frivaldii
helleborus odorus
heracleum sphondylium
hieracium intybaceum
hieracium lactucella
holcus mollis
iris illyrica
jankaea heldreichii
juncus tenageia
knautia drymeja
laserpitium archangelica
laserpitium siler
lathyrus grandiflorus
leersia ory
lemna minor
leucanthemum ircutianum
ligusticum lucidum
limosella aquatica
linaria pelisseriana
lindernia procumbens
lonicera alpigena
lunaria telekiana
luzula multiflora
lysimachia atropurpurea
melilotus altissimus
milium effusum
moltkia petraea
narthecium scardicum
nepeta cataria
oenanthe aquatica
paeonia peregrina
paeonia tenuifolia
paliurus spina-christi
papaver dubium
paronychia cephalotes
peltaria emarginata
petasites doerfleri
petrosimonia oppositifolia
peucedanum officinale
peucedanum schottii
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
phlomis fruticosa
picea abies
picea omorika
pinus heldreichii
pinus peuce
polygonatum latifolium
potentilla inclinata
potentilla palustris
ramonda serbica
ranunculus constantinopolitanus
ranunculus crenatus
ranunculus ophioglossifolius
ranunculus polyanthemos
ribes petraeum
ribes uva-crispa
rindera umbellata
rumex acetosa
rumex stenophyllus
salvia nutans
saponaria bellidifolia
saxifraga scardica
saxifraga federici-augusti
saxifraga glabella
saxifraga marginata
saxifraga sempervivum
saxifraga taygetea
scabiosa graminifolia
sedum magellense
sedum ochroleucum
senecio carpathicus
senecio doronicum
sibbaldia parviflora
silene armeria
silene asterias
silene pindicola
spiraea chamaedryfolia
stipa pulcherrima
symphytum officinale
thymus teucrioides
tragopogon pratensis
trifolium dubium
trifolium retusum
trifolium striatum
trisetum distichophyllum
tuberaria guttata
ulmus glabra
valantia aprica
valeriana bertiscea
valeriana saxatilis
vicia dumetorum
viola albanica
viola dacica
viola dukadjinica
abies nordmanniana
acer cappadocicum
adiantum capillus-veneris
adonis aestivalis
adonis flammea
aethusa cynapium
agrimonia odorata
agrostis capillaris
ajuga chia
alliaria petiolata
alopecurus pratensis
anagallis arvensis
anchusa officinalis
andrachne colchica
anthemis arvensis
anthemis tinctoria
arbutus unedo
arctium lappa
arenaria serpyllifolia
asparagus officinalis
asperugo procumbens
asphodeline brevicaulis
atriplex sagittata
avena fatua
ballota nigra
bartsia trixago
batrachium trichophyllum
bellis perennis
berberis crataegina
berula erecta
bidens tripartita
bifora radians
bistorta major
blysmus compressus
brachypodium pinnatum
brachypodium sylvaticum
bromus hordeaceus
bromus sterilis
bromus tectorum
bupleurum rotundifolium
calamagrostis pseudophragmites
calendula arvensis
calotropis procera
calystegia sepium
campanula glomerata
campanula rapunculoides
capsella bursa-pastoris
cardaria draba
carex microglochin
carpinus betulus
carum carvi
castanea sativa
catabrosa aquatica
caucalis platycarpos
celtis tournefortii
centaurea macrocephala
centaurea solstitialis
centaurium erythraea
centaurium pulchellum
cephalanthera rubra
cephalaria gigantea
cercis siliquastrum
ceterach officinarum
chaerophyllum aureum
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium murale
chenopodium vulvaria
chondrilla juncea
cichorium intybus
cirsium vulgare
cistus salviifolius
cladium mariscus
clematis flammula
cnicus benedictus
conium maculatum
convolvulus arvensis
convolvulus lineatus
cornus sanguinea
coronilla scorpioides
corydalis oppositifolia
corylus colurna
crithmum maritimum
crocus biflorus
cruciata laevipes
cupressus sempervirens
cuscuta epithymum
cyclamen coum
cynoglossum officinale
cyperus fuscus
dactylorhiza incarnata
dactylis glomerata
daphne pontica
daucus carota
descurainia sophia
dianthus strictus
digitalis ferruginea
dipsacus fullonum
dipsacus laciniatus
dryopteris dilatata
elymus caninus
elytrigia repens
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium montanum
epilobium parviflorum
epimedium pinnatum
epipactis atrorubens
epipactis pontica
equisetum arvense
equisetum ramosissimum
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
erophila spathulata
erophila verna
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia seguieriana
falcaria vulgaris
fallopia convolvulus
fallopia dumetorum
filago arvensis
filago vulgaris
fumana procumbens
fumaria schleicheri
fumaria vaillantii
galega officinalis
galium aparine
galium murale
galium rivale
gentiana pyrenaica
gentiana septemfida
geranium columbinum
geranium dissectum
geranium lucidum
geranium molle
geranium psilostemon
geranium pusillum
geranium robertianum
globularia trichosantha
glycyrrhiza echinata
heracleum mantega
heracleum sphondylium
herniaria glabra
hippuris vulgaris
holosteum umbellatum
hordeum murinum
hyoscyamus niger
hyoscyamus reticulatus
hypericum perforatum
hypericum tetrapterum
ilex aquifolium
inula britannica
juglans regia
juncus inflexus
lactuca serriola
lactuca tatarica
lamium album
lamium amplexicaule
lamium maculatum
lappula semicincta
lappula squarrosa
lapsana communis
lathyrus tuberosus
laurus nobilis
legousia falcata
legousia pentagonia
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
leonurus cardiaca
lepidium ruderale
linum catharticum
linum strictum
lithospermum arvense
lithospermum officinale
lolium perenne
lotus corniculatus
lotus tenuis
lychnis coronaria
lycopus europaeus
lythrum salicaria
malva neglecta
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
matricaria recutita
medicago lupulina
medicago minima
melica ciliata
melilotus alba
melilotus officinalis
mespilus germanica
moraea sisyrinchium
muscari armeniacum
muscari tenuiflorum
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis sparsiflora
myosotis sylvatica
myricaria germanica
myriophyllum spicatum
nardus stricta
nepeta cataria
nepeta nuda
nerium oleander
neslia paniculata
nigella damascena
nonea pulla
nuphar lutea
onopordon acanthium
ophrys cornuta
ophrys umbilicata
orchis anatolica
orchis coriophora
orchis palustris
orchis simia
origanum vulgare
orobanche alba
orobanche kochii
orobanche lutea
orobanche purpurea
paeonia daurica
paliurus spina-christi
papaver argemone
papaver rhoeas
parnassia palustris
parentucellia latifolia
parentucellia viscosa
parietaria officinalis
persicaria amphibia
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria maculosa
petrorhagia saxifraga
phalaris arundinacea
phragmites australis
pinus brutia
pinus sylvestris
pistacia atlantica
pisum sativum
plantago albicans
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
poa bulbosa
poa trivialis
polygala major
populus tremula
potamogeton nodosus
potamogeton pectinatus
potentilla anserina
potentilla palustris
potentilla reptans
prunella vulgaris
prunus argentea
prunus cerassifera
prunus dulcis
prunus laurocerasus
prunus spinosa
puccinellia distans
pulicaria dysenterica
pulsatilla albana
punica granatum
puschkinia scilloides
pyracantha coccinea
quercus infectoria
ranunculus arvensis
ranunculus asiaticus
ranunculus constantinopolitanus
ranunculus sceleratus
reseda alba
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
rhododendron caucasicum
rhododendron luteum
rhododendron ponticum
roemeria hybrida
rorippa sylvestris
rosa canina
rumex acetosa
rumex alpinus
rumex obtusifolius
sageretia thea
salix alba
salix euxina
salix triandra
salsola vermiculata
samolus valerandi
scabiosa caucasica
scandix pecten-veneris
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
schoenus nigricans
sclerochloa dura
scorpiurus muricatus
scorzonera psychrophila
scutellaria pinnatifida
sedum hispanicum
senecio vernalis
senecio vulgaris
senna italica
sideritis montana
sherardia arvensis
silene conica
silene noctiflora
sinapis arvensis
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium loeselii
sisymbrium orientale
solanum incanum
sonchus asper
sonchus oleraceus
sorbus domestica
spergularia rubra
stachys by
stachys lavandulifolia
stellaria media
stellaria pallida
sternbergia lutea
tamarix smyrnensis
taraxacum serotinum
theligonum cynocrambe
thlaspi perfoliatum
thymelaea passerina
triglochin palustris
triglochin maritima
trifolium arvense
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium fragiferum
trifolium ochroleucon
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium retusum
trifolium stellatum
trifolium striatum
trigonella coerulescens
tussilago farfara
ulmus glabra
ulmus minor
urtica dioica
vaccaria hispanica
vaccinium vitis-idaea
valeriana alliariifolia
verbena officinalis
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica polita
veronica persica
vicia cracca
vicia hirsuta
vicia villosa
viola odorata
virga strigosa
wolffia arrhi
xeranthemum annuum
zannichellia palustris
ziziphora persica
abies nordmanniana
acer campestre
acer cappadocicum
acer platanoides
achillea filipendulina
acinos arvensis
adoxa moschatellina
aethusa cynapium
agrostis capillaris
ajuga chia
ajuga genevensis
ajuga reptans
alcea rugosa
allium flavum
allium paradoxum
allium rotundum
allium scorodoprasum
allium ursinum
allium victorialis
alnus incana
alopecurus pratensis
andrachne colchica
androsace elongata
androsace lehmanniana
androsace villosa
anemone ranunculoides
anthemis abagensis
anthericum ramosum
anthemis cotula
anthoxanthum odoratum
arabis glabra
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arnebia decumbens
asphodeline taurica
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
aster amellus
astragalus alopecurus
astragalus alpinus
astragalus onobrychis
avenella flexuosa
ballota nigra
betonica officinalis
bifora radians
bistorta vivipara
blechnum spicant
calamagrostis arundinacea
calamagrostis pseudophragmites
campanula latifolia
cardamine impatiens
carduus crispus
carex cespitosa
carex divulsa
carex elata
carex flava
carex hartmanii
carex muricata
carex obtusata
carex ovalis
carex panicea
carex pendula
carex pseudocyperus
carlina vulgaris
carpinus betulus
centaurea depressa
centaurea diffusa
centaurea macrocephala
centaurium erythraea
cephalanthera damasonium
cephalanthera longifolia
cephalaria gigantea
cephalaria transsylvanica
ceterach officinarum
chaerophyllum aureum
chaerophyllum temulum
chrysosplenium alternifolium
circaea lutetiana
cirsium canum
clematis integrifolia
clinopodium vulgare
coeloglossum viride
convolvulus cantabrica
corallorhiza trifida
cornus mas
cornus sanguinea
coronilla scorpioides
corylus colurna
cotinus coggygria
cotoneaster integerrimus
crepis pannonica
crocus biflorus
cruciata glabra
cruciata laevipes
cucubalus baccifer
cuscuta epithymum
cyclamen coum
cystopteris sudetica
dactylorhiza sambucina
daphne glomerata
daphne me
daphne pontica
daphne sericea
dentaria bulbifera
deschampsia cespitosa
dianthus armeria
digitalis ferruginea
diphasiastrum alpinum
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dipsacus laciniatus
dorycnium herbaceum
draba imbricata
dracocephalum austriacum
dracocephalum ruyschiana
dryopteris carthusiana
dryopteris filix-mas
echinops sphaerocephalus
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis uniglumis
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
epipactis atrorubens
equisetum arvense
equisetum palustre
eremurus spectabilis
erigeron alpinus
eriophorum latifolium
eryngium campestre
eryngium planum
euonymus europaeus
euonymus verrucosus
euphorbia seguieriana
euphorbia villosa
fallopia convolvulus
festuca altissima
festuca gigantea
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
festuca valesiaca
filipendula ulmaria
filipendula vulgaris
fragaria moschata
fragaria viridis
fraxinus excelsior
galega officinalis
galeopsis ladanum
galium album
galium odoratum
galium rivale
gentiana pyrenaica
gentiana septemfida
geranium lucidum
geranium palustre
geranium psilostemon
geranium pyrenaicum
geranium robertianum
geranium sanguineum
geum coccineum
geum rivale
globularia bisnagarica
globularia trichosantha
glycyrrhiza echinata
gnaphalium supinum
goodyera repens
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnadenia densiflora
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
gypsophila paniculata
hedera helix
helianthemum canum
helianthemum rupifragum
helichrysum arenarium
helleborus orientalis
hemerocallis fulva
heracleum mantega
heracleum sphondylium
hesperis tristis
hieracium bauhini
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium murorum
hieracium pilosella
hippophae rhamnoides
holcus lanatus
hordelymus europaeus
hordeum brevisubulatum
hypericum androsaemum
hypericum hirsutum
hypochaeris radicata
hyssopus officinalis
ilex aquifolium
impatiens noli-tangere
inula cony
inula salicina
iris graminea
iris pseudacorus
iris spuria
isatis campestris
jasminum fruticans
juncus compressus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus filiformis
juncus inflexus
juniperus foetidissima
jurinea cyanoides
lamium maculatum
lamium purpureum
lappula semicincta
lappula squarrosa
lastrea limbosperma
lathraea squamaria
lathyrus cicera
lathyrus pratensis
lathyrus sylvestris
legousia falcata
legousia pentagonia
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
leucanthemum vulgare
ligularia sibirica
limodorum abortivum
linaria vulgaris
linnaea borealis
linum catharticum
linum tenuifolium
listera ovata
lithospermum officinale
lloydia serotina
lonicera caerulea
lonicera caprifolium
lonicera xylosteum
luzula campestris
luzula pilosa
lychnis coronaria
lysimachia punctata
lythrum salicaria
malva sylvestris
matteuccia struthiopteris
medicago arabica
melampyrum arvense
melilotus officinalis
minuartia glomerata
muscari armeniacum
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis ramosissima
myosotis sparsiflora
myricaria germanica
myriophyllum verticillatum
myrrhis odorata
neottia nidus-avis
nepeta nuda
nepeta racemosa
nigella damascena
notholaena marantae
ononis arvensis
onosma caucasica
ophrys apifera
ophrys sphegodes
orchis coriophora
orchis militaris
orchis palustris
orchis papilionacea
orchis simia
origanum vulgare
ornithogalum kochii
orobanche alsatica
orobanche caryophyllacea
orobanche flava
orobanche lutea
orthantha lutea
orthilia secunda
ostrya carpinifolia
paliurus spina-christi
papaver dubium
parnassia palustris
petrorhagia prolifera
petrorhagia saxifraga
peucedanum alsaticum
phalaris arundinacea
philadelphus coronarius
phleum phleoides
phleum pratense
phlomis tuberosa
pinus sylvestris
pistacia atlantica
pisum sativum
plantago arenaria
platanthera chlorantha
poa compressa
polycnemum majus
polygonatum multiflorum
polystichum aculeatum
polystichum braunii
potentilla anserina
potentilla erecta
potentilla inclinata
potentilla palustris
potentilla recta
potentilla rupestris
primula halleri
primula veris
prunella laciniata
prunus avium
prunus cerassifera
prunus spinosa
prunus tenella
pseudorosularia pilosa
pseudorosularia sempervivoides
pterocarya pterocarpa
puccinellia distans
pulsatilla albana
puschkinia scilloides
pyrethrum corymbosum
pyrethrum parthenium
pyrola chlorantha
pyrola media
ranunculus bulbosus
ranunculus constantinopolitanus
ranunculus polyanthemos
reseda phyteuma
rhododendron caucasicum
rhododendron luteum
rhododendron ponticum
ribes alpinum
rosa gallica
rubus caesius
rubus canescens
rubus saxatilis
rumex acetosa
rumex alpinus
rumex conglomeratus
rumex obtusifolius
salvia aethiopis
salvia glutinosa
salvia nemorosa
salvia verbenaca
salvia verticillata
sambucus ebulus
sambucus nigra
sanguisorba minor
sanicula europaea
saponaria officinalis
saxifraga exarata
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga moschata
saxifraga paniculata
saxifraga rotundifolia
scabiosa caucasica
scabiosa columbaria
scabiosa ochroleuca
scilla siberica
scleranthus perennis
scorzonera cana
scorzonera parviflora
scrophularia nodosa
scrophularia scopolii
scrophularia umbrosa
scutellaria galericulata
sedum album
sedum annuum
sedum hispanicum
sedum spurium
senecio jacobaea
senecio vernalis
sherardia arvensis
sibbaldia parviflora
sideritis montana
silene latifolia
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium loeselii
sisymbrium officinale
smyrnium perfoliatum
solidago virgaurea
sorbus torminalis
sparganium emersum
sparganium erectum
spiranthes spiralis
stachys alpina
stachys germanica
stachys lavandulifolia
stachys recta
stachys sylvatica
staphylea pinnata
stellaria holostea
sternbergia colchiciflora
stipa capillata
stipa dasyphylla
taxus baccata
telekia speciosa
tetragonolobus maritimus
teucrium scordium
thalictrum flavum
thalictrum foetidum
thesium alpinum
tilia cordata
tilia platyphyllos
tragopogon dubius
tragopogon orientalis
traunsteinera globosa
trifolium alpestre
trifolium campestre
trifolium medium
trifolium montanum
trifolium retusum
trifolium stellatum
trinia ucrainica
typha laxmannii
ulmus glabra
urtica dioica
urtica urens
utricularia minor
vaccinium myrtillus
vaccinium vitis-idaea
valeriana alliariifolia
verbascum densiflorum
verbascum lychnitis
verbascum thapsus
veronica arvensis
veronica chamaedrys
veronica praecox
veronica prostrata
veronica serpyllifolia
veronica verna
viburnum lantana
viburnum opulus
vicia lathyroides
vicia villosa
vincetoxicum hirundinaria
viola arvensis
viola biflora
viola canina
viola hirta
viola odorata
virga pilosa
virga strigosa
viscum album
woodsia ilvensis
acer campestre
acer platanoides
adonis vernalis
aethusa cynapium
agrostis capillaris
alcea rugosa
alchemilla glabricaulis
alchemilla glaucescens
alchemilla micans
alchemilla monticola
alchemilla vulgaris
alisma lanceolatum
allium angulosum
allium oleraceum
allium rotundum
allium sphaerocephalon
allium strictum
allium ursinum
alnus glutinosa
anemone sylvestris
anthericum ramosum
arabis hirsuta
arctium minus
artemisia frigida
artemisia scoparia
artemisia vulgaris
asarum europaeum
asperula tinctoria
astragalus arenarius
astragalus dasyanthus
bassia sedoides
beckmannia eruciformis
betula pendula
botrychium virginianum
brachypodium pinnatum
brachypodium sylvaticum
bromus arvensis
bromus inermis
bromus secalinus
calamagrostis arundinacea
calamagrostis epigejos
calla palustris
camelina microcarpa
campanula persicifolia
camphorosma monspeliaca
carex acuta
carex acutiformis
carex appropinquata
carex aquatilis
carex canescens
carex caryophyllea
carex cespitosa
carex diandra
carex digitata
carex disticha
carex divulsa
carex elongata
carex hirta
carex lasiocarpa
carex limosa
carex montana
carex nigra
carex obtusata
carex pallescens
carex praecox
carex pseudocyperus
carex riparia
carex sylvatica
carex vesicaria
catabrosa aquatica
centaurea diffusa
centaurea jacea
chaerophyllum aromaticum
chaerophyllum temulum
chimaphila umbellata
cirsium canum
conioselinum tataricum
convallaria majalis
corydalis solida
corylus avellana
cotoneaster laxiflorus
crambe tataria
crepis pannonica
crepis praemorsa
crepis sibirica
cypripedium calceolus
cypripedium guttatum
cypripedium macranthon
cystopteris sudetica
dactylis glomerata
daphne julia
dendranthema 
deschampsia cespitosa
dracocephalum ruyschiana
drosera rotundifolia
dryopteris cristata
echinops ritro
echium maculatum
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis uniglumis
elymus caninus
elytrigia intermedia
elytrigia repens
empetrum nigrum
epilobium parviflorum
epipactis atrorubens
equisetum arvense
equisetum ramosissimum
eriophorum angustifolium
eriophorum gracile
eriophorum latifolium
eriophorum vaginatum
euonymus verrucosus
euphorbia palustris
euphorbia seguieriana
fallopia convolvulus
festuca altissima
festuca filiformis
festuca gigantea
festuca ovina
festuca rubra
festuca valesiaca
filago minima
fragaria moschata
fragaria vesca
fragaria viridis
fraxinus excelsior
fritillaria meleagris
fritillaria montana
gagea lutea
galium rivale
genista tinctoria
gentiana cruciata
gentiana pneumonanthe
gladiolus imbricatus
glyceria fluitans
glycyrrhiza echinata
gymnocarpium robertianum
heleochloa schoenoides
heracleum sphondylium
hieracium flagellare
hieracium floribundum
hieracium glomeratum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium lactucella
hieracium schultesii
hippuris vulgaris
holcus mollis
hordeum brevisubulatum
huperzia selago
hypericum perforatum
hypochaeris maculata
inula ensifolia
inula hirta
iris pseudacorus
iris pumila
iris sibirica
isoëtes lacustris
juncus alpinoarticulatus
juncus articulatus
juncus bufonius
juncus conglomeratus
juncus effusus
juncus filiformis
juncus tenageia
jurinea cyanoides
jurinea mollis
kochia prostrata
koeleria glauca
lappula squarrosa
lathyrus pisiformis
lathyrus sylvestris
leersia ory
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
leucanthemum ircutianum
lilium martagon
limosella aquatica
lindernia procumbens
linum catharticum
linum flavum
lolium perenne
luzula multiflora
luzula pallescens
luzula pilosa
lychnis chalcedonica
lycopodiella inundata
lysimachia vulgaris
maianthemum bifolium
melica altissima
melica nutans
melilotus altissimus
milium effusum
moneses uniflora
myriophyllum verticillatum
nonea pulla
oenanthe aquatica
orobanche coerulescens
orthilia secunda
oxycoccus palustris
paris quadrifolia
paronychia cephalotes
petasites spurius
petrosimonia oppositifolia
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
phlomis tuberosa
pinus sylvestris
polemonium caeruleum
polypodium vulgare
potentilla anserina
potentilla argentea
potentilla erecta
potentilla inclinata
potentilla palustris
pulsatilla patens
pyrola minor
quercus petraea
quercus robur
ranunculus acris
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus lingua
ranunculus polyanthemos
ranunculus repens
rhododendron luteum
rhynchospora alba
ribes uva-crispa
rubus caesius
rumex acetosa
rumex aquaticus
rumex stenophyllus
salix lapponum
salix myrsinifolia
salvia nutans
sanguisorba officinalis
schoenoplectus lacustris
scilla siberica
scirpus sylvaticus
scorzonera humilis
scorzonera purpurea
sedum hybridum
senecio sarracenicus
senecio vernalis
silene dioica
sium latifolium
stipa capillata
stipa dasyphylla
stipa pennata
stipa pulcherrima
stipa tirsa
symphytum officinale
taraxacum bessarabicum
taraxacum serotinum
tilia cordata
thalictrum flavum
tragopogon orientalis
tragopogon pratensis
trifolium retusum
trinia ucrainica
ulmus glabra
vaccinium myrtillus
vaccinium vitis-idaea
veratrum nigrum
vicia dumetorum
viola palustris
viola pumila
viola tricolor
agrostis capillaris
alchemilla glabricaulis
alchemilla monticola
andromeda polifolia
astragalus frigidus
bartsia alpina
bistorta vivipara
calypso bulbosa
carex aquatilis
carex bigelowii
carex capitata
carex demissa
carex heleonastes
carex rariflora
carex rufina
carex saxatilis
carex vaginata
cassiope tetragona
cerastium arcticum
chaerophyllum bulbosum
chamorchis alpina
coeloglossum viride
conioselinum tataricum
corallorhiza trifida
cornus suecica
deschampsia cespitosa
diapensia lapponica
dracocephalum ruyschiana
drosera rotundifolia
dryas octopetala
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis uniglumis
elymus caninus
elyna myosuroides
epilobium alsinifolium
epilobium anagallidifolium
epipactis atrorubens
eriophorum scheuch
fallopia convolvulus
festuca rubra
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnocarpium robertianum
harrimanella hypnoides
hieracium flagellare
hieracium floribundum
hieracium glomeratum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium schmidtii
hieracium schultesii
hippuris vulgaris
juncus castaneus
larix sibirica
lemna minor
leucanthemum ircutianum
limosella aquatica
linnaea borealis
lobelia dortmanna
loiseleuria procumbens
luzula multiflora
luzula pallescens
luzula sudetica
melilotus altissimus
milium effusum
oxycoccus palustris
pedicularis hirsuta
pedicularis lapponica
pedicularis sceptrum-carolinum
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
picea abies
picea obovata
pinguicula alpina
pinguicula vulgaris
pinus sylvestris
phyllodoce caerulea
poa supina
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
pseudorchis albida
ranunculus nivalis
ranunculus glacialis
rhodiola rosea
rubus arcticus
rubus chamaemorus
rumex acetosa
rumex aquaticus
salix lapponum
salix myrsinifolia
salix phylicifolia
salix reticulata
saussurea alpina
saxifraga ai
saxifraga cespitosa
saxifraga cotyledon
saxifraga nivalis
saxifraga oppositifolia
silene acaulis
silene dioica
triglochin palustris
agrostis capillaris
alchemilla glabricaulis
alchemilla monticola
alchemilla vulgaris
allium strictum
alnus incana
arabis hirsuta
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctous alpina
artemisia frigida
asperula tinctoria
aster alpinus
atriplex littoralis
beckmannia eruciformis
betula pendula
betula pubescens
bistorta vivipara
brachypodium pinnatum
carex chordorrhi
calamagrostis arundinacea
campanula glomerata
caragana arborescens
carex bicolor
carex obtusata
cassiope tetragona
chaerophyllum bulbosum
chrysosplenium alternifolium
cicuta virosa
conioselinum tataricum
cotoneaster laxiflorus
delphinium elatum
diphasiastrum complanatum
dracocephalum ruyschiana
eleocharis acicularis
empetrum nigrum
epilobium angustifolium
epipactis atrorubens
equisetum arvense
eriophorum vaginatum
fallopia convolvulus
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
fragaria moschata
fragaria viridis
galium boreale
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
galium verum
glycyrrhiza echinata
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnocarpium robertianum
hieracium glomeratum
hieracium lachenalii
hippuris vulgaris
hordeum brevisubulatum
hordeum jubatum
juniperus communis
koeleria macrantha
larix sibirica
lathyrus pisiformis
ledum palustre
lemna trisulca
leucanthemum ircutianum
ligularia sibirica
limosella aquatica
lindernia procumbens
luzula multiflora
milium effusum
myriophyllum verticillatum
oxycoccus palustris
parnassia palustris
pedicularis labradorica
pedicularis lapponica
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
phragmites australis
picea obovata
pinguicula alpina
pinus sibirica
pinus sylvestris
polemonium caeruleum
populus tremula
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla inclinata
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
prunus padus
pulsatilla patens
ranunculus polyanthemos
rosa acicularis
rumex acetosa
salix lapponum
salix myrsinifolia
salix reticulata
sanguisorba officinalis
scabiosa ochroleuca
sedum hybridum
selaginella selaginoides
scheuchzeria palustris
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
silene otites
spergularia salina
stipa capillata
stipa pulcherrima
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
veratrum nigrum
agrostemma githago
allium senescens
allium schoenoprasum
allium victorialis
androsace villosa
arabis hirsuta
artemisia frigida
asarum europaeum
aster alpinus
athyrium filix-femina
avena fatua
beckmannia eruciformis
bergenia crassifolia
betula humilis
betula nana
betula pendula
bistorta vivipara
bromus inermis
calamagrostis epigejos
camelina microcarpa
campanula trachelium
caragana arborescens
cardamine impatiens
carduus nutans
carex atrofusca
carex bicolor
carex capitata
carex microglochin
carex obtusata
carex supina
carex sylvatica
chenopodium album
circaea lutetiana
conioselinum tataricum
convolvulus arvensis
crepis sibirica
dactylorhiza fuchsii
dracocephalum ruyschiana
drosera anglica
drosera rotundifolia
dryopteris filix-mas
echinochloa crus-galli
eleocharis palustris
elyna myosuroides
elytrigia repens
empetrum nigrum
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium montanum
eragrostis minor
eriophorum latifolium
eriophorum scheuch
festuca altissima
festuca gigantea
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
festuca valesiaca
galeopsis tetrahit
galium boreale
galium odoratum
galium verum
gentiana macrophylla
glaux maritima
gymnocarpium robertianum
hieracium lachenalii
hippophae rhamnoides
hordeum brevisubulatum
humulus lupulus
juncus triglumis
koeleria macrantha
kochia prostrata
larix sibirica
lathyrus pisiformis
leonurus cardiaca
leucanthemum ircutianum
limosella aquatica
lindernia procumbens
listera ovata
lycopodium annotinum
lycopodium clavatum
matteucia struthiopteris
medicago lupulina
melilotus dentatus
menyanthes trifoliata
neslia paniculata
oxycoccus microcarpus
oxycoccus palustris
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
picea obovata
pinguicula alpina
pinus sibirica
pinus sylvestris
plantago maritima
platanthera bifolia
poa pratensis
populus tremula
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla inclinata
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
prunus padus
prunus tenella
pseudolysimachion spicatum
pteridium aquilinum
ranunculus polyanthemos
rhododendron aureum
rosa acicularis
rubus caesius
rumex acetosa
rumex aquaticus
salix glauca
salix myrtilloides
salix rosmarinifolia
salix vestita
sambucus racemosa
sanguisorba officinalis
sanicula europaea
saussurea pygmaea
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga oppositifolia
sedum hybridum
setaria viridis
scheuchzeria palustris
spiraea chamaedryfolia
stachys sylvatica
stellaria media
stipa pennata
thlaspi arvense
thymus serpyllum
tragopogon pratensis
trifolium repens
vaccaria hispanica
vaccinium myrtillus
vaccinium vitis-idaea
veratrum nigrum
viburnum opulus
vicia cracca
woodsia ilvensis
achillea alpina
agrostis capillaris
alchemilla monticola
allium strictum
arabis hirsuta
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctous alpina
artemisia frigida
aster alpinus
atriplex littoralis
beckmannia eruciformis
betula pendula
bistorta vivipara
carex chordorrhi
calamagrostis arundinacea
campanula glomerata
caragana arborescens
carex bicolor
carex obtusata
cassiope tetragona
chaerophyllum bulbosum
chrysosplenium alternifolium
cicuta virosa
diphasiastrum complanatum
dracocephalum ruyschiana
empetrum nigrum
epilobium angustifolium
equisetum arvense
eriophorum vaginatum
fallopia convolvulus
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
galium boreale
galium trifidum
galium verum
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnocarpium robertianum
hippuris vulgaris
hordeum jubatum
juniperus communis
koeleria macrantha
larix sibirica
ledum palustre
lemna trisulca
leucanthemum ircutianum
limosella aquatica
luzula multiflora
myriophyllum verticillatum
oxycoccus palustris
parnassia palustris
pedicularis labradorica
pedicularis lapponica
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
phragmites australis
pinguicula alpina
pinus sibirica
pinus sylvestris
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
prunus padus
pulsatilla patens
rosa acicularis
rumex acetosa
salix reticulata
salix vestita
sanguisorba officinalis
sedum hybridum
selaginella selaginoides
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
silene otites
spergularia salina
stipa capillata
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
achillea alpina
adoxa moschatellina
alopecurus aequalis
alopecurus pratensis
andromeda polifolia
androsace septentrionalis
antennaria dioica
aquilegia viridiflora
arabis glabra
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
artemisia frigida
aster alpinus
athyrium filix-femina
bergenia crassifolia
betula nana
betula pendula
bistorta major
bistorta vivipara
botrychium lunaria
botrychium multifidum
brachypodium pinnatum
calamagrostis epigejos
caltha palustris
calypso bulbosa
campanula glomerata
campanula rotundifolia
carex aterrima
carex canescens
carex ericetorum
carex lasiocarpa
carex limosa
carex loliacea
carex nigra
carex obtusata
carex rostrata
chrysosplenium alternifolium
cicuta virosa
cirsium heterophyllum
coeloglossum viride
conioselinum tataricum
corispermum pallasii
crepis sibirica
dianthus superbus
dendranthema 
diphasiastrum complanatum
draba nemorosa
drosera rotundifolia
elyna myosuroides
elytrigia repens
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium latifolium
epilobium palustre
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum sylvaticum
equisetum variegatum
eriophorum gracile
eriophorum scheuch
fallopia convolvulus
festuca ovina
festuca rubra
galium boreale
galium verum
goodyera repens
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
helictotrichon desertorum
hieracium umbellatum
hierochloë odorata
hippuris vulgaris
hordeum jubatum
juncus bufonius
juncus filiformis
kochia prostata
lamium album
larix sibirica
lathyrus pratensis
ledum palustre
limosella aquatica
linnaea borealis
listera cordata
luzula multiflora
luzula pilosa
lycopodium annotinum
lycopodium clavatum
lysimachia thyrsiflora
maianthemum bifolium
matteuccia struthiopteris
melica nutans
menyanthes trifoliata
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis nemorosa
orthilia secunda
oxalis acetosella
oxycoccus microcarpus
oxycoccus palustris
oxyria digyna
paris quadrifolia
pedicularis labradorica
pediculartis oederi
persicaria lapathifolia
phalaris arundinacea
phegopteris connectilis
picea obovata
pinus pumila
pinus sibirica
pinus sylvestris
poa palustris
poa pratensis
potentilla inclinata
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
prunus padus
pseudolysimachion maritimum
pulsatilla patens
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola minor
ranunculus repens
rhodiola rosea
rhododendron aureum
rhynchospora alba
rorippa palustris
rosa acicularis
rubus arcticus
rubus saxatilis
rumex acetosa
salix caprea
salix rosmarinifolia
sanguisorba officinalis
scheuchzeria palustris
scorzonera austriaca
sedum hybridum
sibbaldia procumbens
spiraea salicifolia
stellaria media
stipa capillata
tanacetum vulgare
thalictrum fioetidum
trientalis europaea
urtica dioica
utricularia intermedia
vaccinium myrtillus
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
veratrum album
vicia cracca
woodsia ilvensis
allium strictum
andromeda polifolia
anemone narcissiflora
arctous alpina
aster alpinus
astragalus alpinus
betula pendula
campanula lasiocarpa
carex bicolor
carex chordorrhi
carex obtusata
cassiope tetragona
chrysosplenium alternifolium
coptis trifolia
diapensia lapponica
empetrum nigrum
equisetum arvense
eriophorum vaginatum
festuca rubra
hedysarum hedysaroides
ledum palustre
lemna trisulca
pedicularis langsdorffii
pedicularis oederi
pedicularis verticillata
phalaris arundinacea
pinus pumila
potamogeton richardsonii
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla palustris
pulsatilla patens
rubus arcticus
rubus chamaemorus
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
abies nephrolepis
achillea alpina
allium strictum
alnus incana
alnus sinuata
andromeda polifolia
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
artemisia borealis
betula humilis
betula pendula
bolboschoenus yagara
botrychium multifidum
campanula lasiocarpa
callitriche palustris
carex bicolor
carex canescens
carex chordorrhi
carex diandra
carex lachenalii
carex loliacea
carex macrocephala
carex rariflora
cicuta virosa
coptis trifolia
cornus canadensis
cornus suecica
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cypripedium guttatum
cystopteris sudetica
elyna myosuroides
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium angustifolium
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
eriophorum vaginatum
fallopia convolvulus
festuca rubra
filipendula kamtschatica
galeopsis bifida
galium boreale
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
gentiana glauca
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
hedysarum boreale
heracleum lanatum
honckenya peploides
hordeum jubatum
impatiens noli-tangere
juncus alpinoarticulatus
juncus castaneus
juncus filiformis
lathyrus japonicus
ledum palustre
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
leontopodium kamtschaticum
loiseleuria procumbens
lycopodium annotinum
maianthemum dilatatum
matteuccia struthiopteris
myosotis caespitosa
myriohyllum verticillatum
orthilia secunda
oxycoccus palustris
oxyria digyna
pedicularis labradorica
pennellianthus frutescens
phalaris arundinacea
phegopteris connectilis
phyllodoce caerulea
pinus pumila
pinus sylvestris
polemonium boreale
potamogeton richardsonii
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
pulsatilla patens
pyrola asarifolia
ranunculus nivalis
rhodiola integrifolia
rhododendron aureum
rosa rugosa
rubus arcticus
rumex acetosa
sambucus racemosa
sanguisorba officinalis
scheuchzeria palustris
selaginella selaginoides
sibbaldia procumbens
silene vulgaris
sium suave
tephroseris integrifolia
tillaea aquatica
trientalis europaea
triglochin palustris
utricularia intermedia
vaccinium ovalifolium
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
veronica grandiflora
abies lasiocarpa
achillea alpina
actaea rubra
agoseris aurantiaca
allium schoenoprasum
alnus incana
alnus sinuata
amelanchier alnifolia
amerorchis rotundifolia
androsace lehmanniana
anemone canadensis
anemone multifida
angelica lucida
apocynum androsaemifolium
aralia nudicaulis
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctous alpina
arctous ruber
armeria scabra
arnica angustifolia
artemisia borealis
artemisia frigida
astragalus agrestis
astragalus americanus
botrychium minganense
botrychium virginianum
callitriche palustris
caltha natans
calypso bulbosa
campanula lasiocarpa
canadanthus modestus
carex arctogena
carex aurea
carex bicolor
carex capitata
carex filifolia
carex heleonastes
carex inops
carex lachenalii
carex maritima
carex mertensii
carex microglochin
carex obtusata
carex ovalis
cassiope tetragona
castilleja miniata
chenopodium capitatum
chimaphila umbellata
cicuta douglasii
cicuta maculata
cicuta virosa
cirsium drummondii
cirsium foliosum
clematis occidentalis
cochlearia groenlandica
collomia linearis
coptis trifolia
corallorhiza maculata
corallorhiza striata
cornus canadensis
cornus suecica
corydalis aurea
corydalis sempervirens
crataegus douglasii
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cypripedium guttatum
cypripedium parviflorum
cypripedium passerinum
deschampsia cespitosa
diphasiastrum alpinum
drosera anglica
drosera intermedia
drosera rotundifolia
dryas drummondii
dryas integrifolia
dryas punctata
dryopteris cristata
elaeagnus commutata
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis uniglumis
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium latifolium
equisetum arvense
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum sylvaticum
equisetum variegatum
erigeron caespitosus
erigeron compositus
erigeron glabellus
eriogonum flavum
eriophorum angustifolium
eriophorum gracile
eriophorum scheuch
eriophorum vaginatum
eriophorum viridicarinatum
festuca rubra
fragaria virginiana
galium boreale
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
gentiana affinis
gentiana glauca
gentianopsis macounii
geocaulon lividum
geranium bicknellii
geum rivale
geum triflorum
glaux maritima
goodyera oblongifolia
goodyera repens
grindelia squarrosa
gymnocarpium robertianum
hedysarum boreale
heracleum lanatum
hippuris vulgaris
honckenya peploides
hordeum jubatum
huperzia selago
hydrocotyle umbellata
juniperus communis
juniperus hori
kalmia microphylla
lathyrus japonicus
ledum groenlandicum
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
leymus mollis
lilium philadelphicum
limosella aquatica
linnaea borealis
listera borealis
listera convallarioides
listera cordata
lonicera involucrata
luetkea pectinata
lupinus polyphyllus
luzula multiflora
mahonia aquifolium
maianthemum canadense
maianthemum stellatum
menyanthes trifoliata
mertensia paniculata
mimulus guttatus
mitella nuda
monarda fistulosa
moneses uniflora
monotropa uniflora
montia fontana
myriophyllum verticillatum
nuphar polysepala
opuntia fragilis
oxycoccus palustris
oxyria digyna
oxytropis splendens
pedicularis groenlandica
pedicularis langsdorffii
penstemon procerus
phalaris arundinacea
phyllodoce aleutica
phyllodoce caerulea
phyllodoce empetriformis
picea engelmannii
picea mariana
pinus banksiana
pinus strobus
platanthera dilatata
platanthera orbiculata
platanthera stricta
populus tremuloides
potamogeton richardsonii
potentilla gracilis
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
prunus pensylvanica
prunus virginiana
pterospora andromedea
pulsatilla patens
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola chlorantha
pyrola grandiflora
ranunculus hyperboreus
ranunculus pygmaeus
rhus glabra
rosa acicularis
rosa woodsii
rubus arcticus
rubus chamaemorus
rubus pedatus
salix glauca
salix vestita
sanicula marilandica
saxifraga adscendens
saxifraga cespitosa
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga nivalis
saxifraga oppositifolia
saxifraga tricuspidata
senecio eremophilus
senecio triangularis
shepherdia canadensis
sibbaldia procumbens
sisyrinchium montanum
sium suave
spiranthes roman
stachys pilosa
symphyotrichum novi-belgii
tofieldia pusilla
triantha glutinosa
utricularia intermedia
vaccinium caespitosum
vaccinium membranaceum
vaccinium myrtilloides
vaccinium ovalifolium
veratrum viride
veronica alpina
zigadenus elegans

