abies nordmanniana
abies spectabilis
abutilon theophrasti
acacia retinodes
acantholimon armenum
acantholimon lycopodioides
acantholimon ulicinum
acer campestre
acer cappadocicum
acer ginnala
acer platanoides
acer tataricum
acorellus pannonicus
adenophora liliifolia
adiantum capillus-veneris
adonis aestivalis
adonis annua
adonis flammea
adoxa moschatellina
aegilops cylindrica
aegilops geniculata
aesculus indica
aethionema arabicum
aethionema grandiflorum
agrimonia eupatoria
agropyron pectinatum
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
achillea filipendulina
achillea phrygia
aizoon canariense
ajuga bombycina
ajuga genevensis
ajuga chia
ajuga reptans
albizia julibrissin
albizia lebbeck
alcea biennis
alcea rosea
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
alkanna orientalis
alliaria petiolata
allium flavum
allium paniculatum
allium paradoxum
allium rotundum
allium strictum
allium subhirsutum
allium victorialis
alnus glutinosa
alopecurus myosuroides
alopecurus pratensis
althaea armeniaca
althaea hirsuta
althaea officinalis
alyssum alyssoides
alyssum klimesii
alyssum murale
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
ambrosia artemisiifolia
anagallis arvensis
anagallis foemina
anagyris foetida
andrachne telephioides
androsace lehmanniana
androsace maxima
androsace sempervivoides
androsace tapete
androsace villosa
angelica palustris
anchusa aegyptiaca
anchusa azurea
anchusa officinalis
anchusa strigosa
anogramma leptophylla
antennaria dioica
anthemis arvensis
anthemis austriaca
anthemis cotula
anthemis tinctoria
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus sylvestris
anthyllis vulneraria
apera spica-venti
aphanes arvensis
aquilegia viridiflora
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis alpina
arabis auriculata
arabis glabra
arabis hirsuta
arctium lappa
arctium minus
arctium tomentosum
arctous alpina
arenaria bryophylla
arenaria serpyllifolia
armoracia rusticana
arnebia decumbens
arnebia densiflora
artemisia absinthium
artemisia arborescens
artemisia campestris
artemisia frigida
artemisia pontica
artemisia santonicum
artemisia vulgaris
arthrocnemum macrostachyum
arum hygrophilum
aruncus vulgaris
arundo donax
asparagus horridus
asparagus officinalis
asperugo procumbens
asperula arvensis
asphodeline brevicaulis
asphodeline taurica
asphodelus ramosus
asplenium 
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium ruta-muraria
asplenium septentrionale
asplenium trichomanes
asplenium viride
aster alpinus
astragalus alopecurus
astragalus alpinus
astragalus eriophyllus
astragalus frigidus
astragalus glycyphyllos
astragalus spinosus
astragalus tigridis
athyrium filix-femina
atriplex hortensis
atriplex littoralis
atriplex oblongifolia
atriplex patula
atriplex portulacoides
atriplex rosea
atriplex sagittata
atriplex tatarica
avena fatua
avenella flexuosa
avenula pubescens
ballota nigra
barbarea stricta
barbarea vulgaris
bartsia trixago
bassia sedoides
batrachium aquatile
batrachium trichophyllum
beckmannia eruciformis
belamcanda chinensis
bellis annua
bellis perennis
bellis sylvestris
berberis crataegina
berberis vulgaris
bergenia crassifolia
berteroa incana
berula erecta
betula pendula
bidens cernua
bidens tripartita
bifora radians
bistorta major
blackstonia acuminata
blysmus compressus
boehmeria penduliflora
boerhavia coccinea
boerhavia plumbaginea
bolboschoenus maritimus
bolboschoenus planiculmis
bolboschoenus yagara
bombycilaena erecta
bongardia chrysogonum
bothriochloa ischaemum
botrychium virginianum
brachypodium pinnatum
brachypodium sylvaticum
bromus arvensis
bromus benekenii
bromus hordeaceus
bromus inermis
bromus secalinus
bromus sterilis
bromus tectorum
bryonia alba
bryonia dioica
buddleja davidii
bunias orientalis
bupleurum rotundifolium
butomus umbellatus
buxus sempervirens
calamagrostis arundinacea
calamagrostis epigejos
calamagrostis pseudophragmites
calendula arvensis
calicotome villosa
calligonum calliphysa
callitriche palustris
callitriche stagnalis
calotropis procera
caltha natans
calystegia sepium
calystegia soldanella
camelina microcarpa
camelina rumelica
camelina sativa
campanula glomerata
campanula latifolia
campanula rapunculoides
campanula tomentosa
camphorosma monspeliaca
cannabis ruderalis
cannabis sativa
capparis spinosa
capsella bursa-pastoris
caragana arborescens
caragana jubata
cardamine hirsuta
cardaria draba
carduus crispus
carex acuta
carex acutiformis
carex atrata
carex buxbaumii
carex davalliana
carex digitata
carex distans
carex divisa
carex divulsa
carex flacca
carex halleriana
carex hirta
carex hordeistichos
carex humilis
carex lasiocarpa
carex liparocarpos
carex maritima
carex microglochin
carex muricata
carex otrubae
carex ovalis
carex pallescens
carex panicea
carex paniculata
carex pseudocyperus
carex riparia
carex secalina
carex stenophylla
carex tomentosa
carex vesicaria
carex vulpina
carpinus betulus
carthamus lanatus
carthamus tinctorius
carum carvi
castanea sativa
casuarina equisetifolia
catabrosa aquatica
caucalis platycarpos
cedrus deodara
celosia argentea
celtis tournefortii
centaurea cyanus
centaurea depressa
centaurea pallescens
centaurea solstitialis
centaurea triumfettii
centaurea urvillei
centaurium erythraea
centaurium pulchellum
centaurium spicatum
cephalanthera damasonium
cephalanthera kurdica
cephalanthera longifolia
cephalanthera rubra
cerastium arvense
cerastium dubium
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium holosteoides
ceratophyllum demersum
ceratophyllum submersum
cercis siliquastrum
cerinthe major
cerinthe minor
ceterach officinarum
cicer arietinum
cicuta virosa
cichorium intybus
circaea lutetiana
cirsium arvense
cirsium vulgare
citrullus colocynthis
citrus limon
cladium mariscus
clematis flammula
clematis integrifolia
clematis tangutica
clematis vitalba
clinopodium vulgare
clypeola jonthlaspi
cnicus benedictus
coeloglossum viride
coluteocarpus vesicaria
comastoma tenellum
cometes surattensis
conioselinum tataricum
conium maculatum
consolida orientalis
consolida regalis
convolvulus arvensis
convolvulus assyricus
convolvulus cantabrica
convolvulus lineatus
corallorhiza trifida
coriandrum sativum
corispermum nitidum
cornus sanguinea
coronilla coronata
coronilla scorpioides
coronopus squamatus
corydalis capnoides
corydalis oppositifolia
corydalis rutifolia
corylus avellana
corylus colurna
cotinus coggygria
cotoneaster integerrimus
cotoneaster laxiflorus
crambe tataria
crataegus monogyna
crepis foetida
crepis praemorsa
crepis pulchra
crepis sibirica
crocus biflorus
crocus korolkowi
cruciata glabra
cruciata laevipes
cruciata pedemontana
crupina vulgaris
crypsis aculeata
cucubalus baccifer
cupressus sempervirens
cuscuta approximata
cuscuta epithymum
cuscuta europaea
cyclamen coum
cydonia oblonga
cynanchum acutum
cynodon dactylon
cynoglossum amabile
cynoglossum creticum
cynoglossum officinale
cynomorium coccineum
cyperus flavescens
cyperus fuscus
cyperus glomeratus
cyperus longus
cyperus rotundus
cypripedium flavum
cypripedium guttatum
cypripedium tibeticum
cystopteris fragilis
dactylis glomerata
dactylorhiza fuchsii
dactylorhiza incarnata
daphne mezereum
daphne oleoides
daucus carota
delphinium brunonianum
delphinium elatum
delphinium vestitum
dendranthema zawadskii
dentaria bulbifera
descurainia sophia
deschampsia caespitosa
deschampsia cespitosa
dianthus strictus
dictamnus albus
digitalis ferruginea
digitaria sanguinalis
dionysia involucrata
dionysia tapetodes
diphasiastrum alpinum
diplotaxis muralis
dipsacus fullonum
dipsacus laciniatus
draba nemorosa
dracocephalum ruyschiana
dryopteris filix-mas
ecballium elaterium
echinops ritro
echinops sphaerocephalus
echium italicum
elaeagnus angustifolia
elatine alsinastrum
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis palustris
eleocharis quinqueflora
eleocharis uniglumis
eleusine indica
elymus caninus
elytrigia intermedia
elytrigia repens
eminium spiculatum
ephedra distachya
ephedra monosperma
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium dodonaei
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium latifolium
epilobium montanum
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
epimedium davidii
epimedium pinnatum
epipactis atrorubens
epipactis helleborine
epipactis microphylla
epipactis palustris
equisetum arvense
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum ramosissimum
equisetum telmateia
eragrostis minor
eremobium aegyptiacum
eremogone isaurica
eremurus spectabilis
erodium absinthoides
erodium cedrorum
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
erophila spathulata
erophila verna
eruca sativa
eryngium campestre
eryngium planum
erysimum hieraciifolium
erysimum kotschyanum
euclidium syriacum
euonymus verrucosus
eupatorium cannabinum
euphorbia amygdaloides
euphorbia anacampseros
euphorbia esula
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia paralias
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia seguieriana
euphorbia tirucalli
fagopyrum esculentum
falcaria vulgaris
fallopia convolvulus
fallopia dumetorum
ferula communis
festuca arundinacea
festuca gigantea
festuca ovina
festuca pratensis
festuca pseudovina
festuca rubra
festuca rupicola
festuca valesiaca
ficus carica
filago arvensis
filipendula ulmaria
filipendula vulgaris
fragaria vesca
frangula alnus
frankenia hirsuta
fraxinus excelsior
fritillaria alburyana
fritillaria imperialis
fritillaria pallidiflora
fritillaria persica
fritillaria pinardii
fumana procumbens
fumaria officinalis
fumaria schleicheri
fumaria vaillantii
gagea liotardii
gagea villosa
galega officinalis
galeobdolon luteum
galeopsis bifida
galinsoga parviflora
galium aparine
galium boreale
galium murale
galium odoratum
galium palustre
galium rivale
galium verum
gentiana macrophylla
gentiana macrophylla subsp. fetisowii
gentiana septemfida
geranium columbinum
geranium dissectum
geranium lucidum
geranium molle
geranium purpureum
geranium pusillum
geranium robertianum
geum urbanum
gladiolus italicus
glaucium corniculatum
glaucium flavum
glaux maritima
globularia trichosantha
glyceria notata
glycyrrhiza echinata
gnaphalium supinum
gnaphalium uliginosum
gomphocarpus sinaicus
goodyera repens
groenlandia densa
gundelia tournefortii
gymnarrhena micrantha
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gypsophila muralis
gypsophila paniculata
hedera helix
hedychium gardnerianum
hedysarum alpinum
hedysarum hedysaroides
hedysarum varium
heleochloa alopecuroides
heleochloa schoenoides
helianthemum canum
helianthus annuus
helictotrichon desertorum
helichrysum arenarium
heliotropium europaeum
hemerocallis fulva
herminium monorchis
herniaria glabra
herniaria hirsuta
hesperis matronalis
hexinia polydichotoma
hibiscus trionum
hieracium bauhini
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium schmidtii
hierochloe odorata
hierochloe odorata
himantoglossum comperianum
hippophae rhamnoides
hippuris vulgaris
holosteum umbellatum
hordeum brevisubulatum
hordeum murinum
hydrocharis morsus-ranae
hyoscyamus albus
hyoscyamus aureus
hyoscyamus niger
hyoscyamus reticulatus
hypecoum imberbe
hypericum hirsutum
hypericum perforatum
hypericum tetrapterum
hypochaeris maculata
hyssopus officinalis
chaerophyllum aureum
chaerophyllum bulbosum
chaerophyllum temulum
cheilanthes vellea
chelidonium majus
chenopodium album
chenopodium botrys
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium chenopodioides
chenopodium murale
chenopodium pumilio
chenopodium strictum
chenopodium urbicum
chenopodium vulvaria
chondrilla juncea
chrysanthemum coronarium
chrysopogon gryllus
ilex aquifolium
impatiens balfourii
impatiens glandulifera
impatiens parviflora
indigofera heterantha
inula britannica
inula ensifolia
inula oculus-christi
inula salicina
iris aphylla
iris bucharica
iris danfordiae
iris graeberiana
iris lactea
iris lineolata
iris magnifica
iris pseudacorus
iris rosenbachiana
iris spuria
iris spuria subsp. musulmanica
isatis campestris
isolepis setacea
jasminum fruticans
jasminum nudiflorum
juglans regia
juncus articulatus
juncus bufonius
juncus compressus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus effusus
juncus inflexus
juncus maritimus
juncus sphaerocarpus
juncus triglumis
juniperus communis
juniperus foetidissima
juniperus oxycedrus
juniperus phoenicea
jurinea cyanoides
jurinea moschus
karelinia caspia
knautia arvensis
koeleria macrantha
kochia laniflora
kochia prostrata
kochia scoparia
krascheninnikovia ceratoides
lactuca serriola
lactuca tatarica
lactuca viminea
lagurus ovatus
lamarckia aurea
lamium album
lamium amplexicaule
lamium maculatum
lamium purpureum
lantana camara
lappula semicincta
lappula squarrosa
lapsana communis
larix sibirica
lathraea squamaria
lathyrus aphaca
lathyrus cicera
lathyrus hirsutus
lathyrus nissolia
lathyrus pisiformis
lathyrus pratensis
lathyrus tuberosus
lathyrus vernus
ledum palustre
leersia oryzoides
legousia falcata
legousia pentagonia
lemna gibba
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lemna turionifera
leontice armeniaca
leontice leontopetalum
leontodon hispidus
leonurus cardiaca
leonurus marrubiastrum
lepidium cartilagineum
lepidium densiflorum
lepidium perfoliatum
lepidium ruderale
leucojum aestivum
levisticum officinale
leycesteria formosa
leymus mollis
ligusticum mutellinoides
limodorum abortivum
limosella aquatica
linaria genistifolia
linaria pelisseriana
lindernia procumbens
linnaea borealis
linum austriacum
linum bienne
linum catharticum
linum strictum
linum tenuifolium
listera ovata
lithospermum arvense
lithospermum officinale
lithospermum purpurocaeruleum
lloydia serotina
lolium perenne
lonicera albertii
lonicera caerulea
lotus corniculatus
lotus tenuis
lupinus angustifolius
lupinus micranthus
luzula multiflora
luzula pallescens
lycopodium clavatum
lycopsis arvensis
lycopus europaeus
lycopus exaltatus
lychnis coronaria
lychnis chalcedonica
lysimachia atropurpurea
lythrum hyssopifolia
lythrum salicaria
lythrum tribracteatum
lythrum virgatum
maireana brevifolia
malva neglecta
malva pusilla
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
matricaria recutita
matthiola arabica
meconopsis aculeata
medicago 
medicago falcata
medicago lupulina
medicago minima
medicago sativa
melampyrum cristatum
melia azedarach
melica altissima
melica ciliata
melilotus alba
melilotus albus
melilotus dentatus
melilotus officinalis
mentha longifolia
mespilus germanica
microrrhinum minus
milium effusum
misopates orontium
moehringia trinervia
moltkia coerulea
monotropa hypopitys
monotropa uniflora
moraea sisyrinchium
morus nigra
muscari armeniacum
muscari comosum
muscari neglectum
muscari tenuiflorum
myagrum perfoliatum
myosotis alpestris
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis ramosissima
myosotis sparsiflora
myosotis stricta
myosotis sylvatica
myosoton aquaticum
myosurus minimus
myricaria germanica
myricaria pulcherrima
myriophyllum spicatum
myriophyllum verticillatum
myrsine africana
najas marina
najas minor
narcissus tazetta
nardus stricta
nasturtium microphyllum
nasturtium officinale
nelumbo nucifera
nepeta cataria
nepeta nuda
nepeta racemosa
nerium oleander
neslia paniculata
nigella arvensis
nigella damascena
nigella orientalis
nonea pulla
notholaena marantae
notobasis syriaca
nuphar lutea
nuphar pumila
nymphaea alba
nymphaea candida
oenanthe aquatica
ochradenus baccatus
ononis arvensis
onopordon acanthium
onopordum acanthium
onosma alborosea
onosma lycaonica
onosma oreodoxa
onosma rutilum
ophioglossum vulgatum
ophrys bombyliflora
ophrys bornmuelleri
ophrys cornuta
ophrys umbilicata
opuntia ficus-indica
orchis anatolica
orchis coriophora
orchis militaris
orchis pallens
orchis palustris
orchis quadripunctata
orchis simia
origanum vulgare
ornithogalum sphaerocarpum
orobanche alba
orobanche alsatica
orobanche arenaria
orobanche caesia
orobanche caryophyllacea
orobanche coerulescens
orobanche kochii
orobanche lutea
orobanche purpurea
orobanche ramosa
orobanche reticulata
oxalis corniculata
oxyria digyna
paeonia anomala
paeonia daurica
paeonia delavayi
paeonia ludlowii
paliurus spina-christi
panicum miliaceum
papaver argemone
papaver dubium
papaver rhoeas
papaver somniferum
parapholis incurva
parentucellia latifolia
parentucellia viscosa
parietaria judaica
parietaria officinalis
parnassia palustris
paronychia argentea
paronychia chionaea
parrotia persica
parrotiopsis jacquemontiana
pedicularis comosa
pedicularis longiflora
pedicularis palustris
pedicularis verticillata
peganum harmala
pelargonium endlicherianum
persicaria alpina
persicaria amphibia
persicaria capitata
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria maculosa
petrorhagia saxifraga
petrosimonia oppositifolia
peucedanum alsaticum
phagnalon rupestre
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phelypaea tournefortii
phleum alpinum
phleum phleoides
phleum pratense
phlomis tuberosa
phoenix dactylifera
pholiurus pannonicus
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phyllitis scolopendrium
phyllodoce caerulea
physalis alkekengi
phytolacca esculenta
picea obovata
picea schrenkiana
picea smithiana
picnomon acarna
picris hieracioides
pimpinella saxifraga
pinguicula alpina
pinus brutia
pinus cembra
pinus gerardiana
pinus roxburghii
pinus wallichiana
pistacia atlantica
pistia stratiotes
pisum sativum
pisum sativum subsp. elatius
plantago afra
plantago albicans
plantago arenaria
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
plantago maritima
plantago media
plantago tenuiflora
plantago uliginosa
platanthera bifolia
pleurospermum candollei
plumbago europaea
poa alpina
poa angustifolia
poa annua
poa bulbosa
poa compressa
poa nemoralis
poa palustris
poa pratensis
poa supina
poa trivialis
podophyllum hexandrum
polemonium caeruleum
polycnemum majus
polygonum arenastrum
polygonum aviculare
polygonum equisetiforme
polypodium interjectum
polystichum aculeatum
polystichum lonchitis
populus alba
populus euphratica
populus nigra
populus tremula
portulaca oleracea
potamogeton lucens
potamogeton natans
potamogeton nodosus
potamogeton pectinatus
potamogeton trichoides
potentilla anserina
potentilla argentea
potentilla erecta
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla inclinata
potentilla micrantha
potentilla palustris
potentilla recta
potentilla reptans
potentilla supina
primula denticulata
primula elatior
primula vulgaris
prunella vulgaris
prunus arabica
prunus argentea
prunus avium
prunus cerasifera
prunus cerassifera
prunus dulcis
prunus fruticosa
prunus insititia
prunus laurocerasus
prunus mahaleb
prunus padus
prunus prostrata
prunus spinosa
prunus tenella
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
pseudolysimachion spicatum
pseudorosularia pilosa
pseudorosularia sempervivoides
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
pterocarya pterocarpa
pteroceltis tatarinowii
puccinellia distans
pulegium vulgare
pulicaria dysenterica
pulsatilla albana
pulsatilla patens
punica granatum
puschkinia scilloides
pyrethrum parthenium
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola rotundifolia
pyrus kotschyana
quercus cerris
quercus infectoria
quercus infectoria subsp. veneris
quercus libani
quercus pubescens
quercus robur
ranunculus arvensis
ranunculus asiaticus
ranunculus constantinopolitanus
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus lateriflorus
ranunculus lingua
ranunculus muricatus
ranunculus polyanthemos
ranunculus pygmaeus
ranunculus repens
ranunculus sceleratus
reichardia tingitana
reseda alba
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
retama raetam
rhamnus cathartica
rhodiola rosea
rhododendron arboreum
rhododendron aureum
rhododendron caucasicum
rhus coriaria
ribes rubrum
ribes uva-crispa
ricinus communis
rindera caespitosa
rindera lanata
roemeria hybrida
rorippa amphibia
rorippa austriaca
rorippa palustris
rorippa sylvestris
rosa acicularis
rosa canina
rosa gallica
rosa pimpinellifolia
rubus caesius
rubus saxatilis
rumex acetosa
rumex acetosella
rumex angulatus
rumex aquaticus
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
rumex obtusifolius
rumex scutatus
rumex stenophyllus
ruscus aculeatus
sageretia thea
sagina procumbens
sagina saginoides
salicornia prostata
salicornia prostrata
salix alba
salix caprea
salix cinerea
salix euxina
salix glauca
salix pentandra
salix rosmarinifolia
salix triandra
salsola australis
salsola inermis
salsola soda
salsola vermiculata
salvia absconditiflora
salvia aethiopis
salvia nemorosa
salvia sclarea
salvia verticillata
sambucus ebulus
sambucus nigra
samolus valerandi
sanguisorba minor
sanguisorba officinalis
sanicula europaea
sarcocornia fruticosa
sarcopoterium spinosum
saussurea gnaphalodes
saussurea medusa
saxifraga androsacea
saxifraga cernua
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga moschata
saxifraga nivalis
scabiosa caucasica
scabiosa prolifera
scandix pecten-veneris
scilla autumnalis
scilla siberica
scirpoides holoschoenus
sclerochloa dura
scorpiurus muricatus
scorzonera cana
scorzonera eriophora
scorzonera hispanica
scorzonera parviflora
scorzonera psychrophila
scrophularia scopolii
scrophularia umbrosa
scrophularia vernalis
scutellaria baicalensis
scutellaria galericulata
scutellaria hastifolia
scutellaria pinnatifida
scutellaria salviifolia
secale sylvestre
securigera varia
sedum acre
sedum album
sedum alpestre
sedum annuum
sedum caespitosum
sedum hispanicum
senecio jacobaea
senecio leucanthemifolius
senecio vernalis
senecio viscosus
senecio vulgaris
senna italica
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
sherardia arvensis
schoenoplectus supinus
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
schoenus nigricans
sibbaldia parviflora
sibbaldia procumbens
sideritis montana
silaum silaus
silene armeria
silene colorata
silene conica
silene dichotoma
silene gallica
silene latifolia
silene multiflora
silene noctiflora
silene viscosa
silene vulgaris
silybum marianum
sinapis arvensis
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium loeselii
sisymbrium officinale
sisymbrium orientale
smilax aspera
solanum dulcamara
solanum incanum
solanum nigrum
solanum triflorum
solanum tuberosum
solidago virgaurea
sonchus asper
sonchus oleraceus
sophora davidii
sorbus aria
sorbus aucuparia
sorbus domestica
sorbus torminalis
sparganium erectum
spergularia maritima
spergularia rubra
spergularia salina
spiraea crenata
spiraea chamaedryfolia
spiraea-chamaedryfolia
stachys alpina
stachys annua
stachys byzantina
stachys lavandulifolia
stachys palustris
staphylea pinnata
stellaria graminea
stellaria holostea
stellaria media
stellaria neglecta
stellaria pallida
stellera chamaejasme
sternbergia lutea
stipa borysthenica
stipa capillata
stipa eriocaulis
stipa pennata
stipa pulcherrima
stipa tirsa
stuckenia pectinata
swertia kingii
sympegma regelii
syringa vulgaris
taeniatherum caput-medusae
tamarix aphylla
tamarix elongata
tamarix hispida
tamarix laxa
tamarix smyrnensis
tamarix taklamakensis
tamarix tarimensis
tamarix tetragyna
taraxacum bessarabicum
taraxacum sect
taraxacum serotinum
taxus baccata
teucrium chamaedrys
teucrium scordium
thalictrum flavum
thalictrum foetidum
thalictrum minus
thalictrum simplex
theligonum cynocrambe
thelypteris palustris
thesium arvense
thlaspi arvense
thlaspi perfoliatum
thunbergia alata
thylacospermum caespitosum
thymelaea hirsuta
thymelaea passerina
thymus pannonicus
tchihatchewia isatidea
tillaea schimperi
torilis arvensis
torilis japonica
tragopogon orientalis
tragopogon pratensis
tribulus terrestris
trifolium arvense
trifolium campestre
trifolium fragiferum
trifolium ochroleucon
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium resupinatum
trifolium retusum
trifolium stellatum
trifolium striatum
triglochin maritima
triglochin palustris
trigonella coerulescens
trigonella monspeliaca
trigonella stellata
tripleurospermum inodorum
trisetum flavescens
triticum monococcum
tulipa armena
tulipa humilis
tulipa stellata
tulipa tarda
tussilago farfara
typha angustifolia
typha latifolia
typha laxmannii
typha shuttleworthii
ulmus glabra
ulmus minor
urtica dioica
urtica pilulifera
urtica urens
utricularia australis
utricularia ochroleuca
utricularia vulgaris
vaccaria hispanica
vaccinium myrtillus
valeriana alliariifolia
valeriana officinalis
valeriana tuberosa
valerianella dentata
verbascum blattaria
verbascum thapsus
verbena officinalis
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica beccabunga
veronica chamaedrys
veronica peregrina
veronica persica
veronica polita
veronica praecox
veronica serpyllifolia
veronica triphyllos
veronica verna
viburnum farreri
viburnum lantana
viburnum opulus
vicia angustifolia
vicia caesarea
vicia cracca
vicia grandiflora
vicia hirsuta
vicia pannonica
vicia sativa
vicia sepium
vicia tenuifolia
vicia tetrasperma
vicia villosa
vinca herbacea
viola biflora
viola collina
viola elatior
viola hirta
viola odorata
viola pumila
viola reichenbachiana
viola rupestris
viola suavis
virga strigosa
viscum album
vitex agnus-castus
vitis vinifera
wolffia arrhiza
xanthium albinum
xanthium spinosum
xanthium strumarium
xeranthemum annuum
zannichellia palustris
zilla spinosa
ziziphora persica
ziziphus spina-christi
zygophyllum album
