acacia confusa
acacia mearnsii
acacia retinodes
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum hispidulum
adiantum philippense
ageratina adenophora
agrostis stolonifera
aira caryophyllea
albizia lebbeck
albizia saman
aleurites moluccana
allamanda cathartica
alpinia purpurata
alstonia macrophylla
alternanthera pungens
anagallis arvensis
annona muricata
antigonon leptopus
artocarpus altilis
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asplenium flaccidum
asplenium nidus
asplenium polyodon
asplenium unilaterale
asystasia gangetica
barringtonia asiatica
bauhinia monandra
bidens alba
boerhavia coccinea
briza maxima
broussonetia papyrifera
bryophyllum pinnatum
caesalpinia pulcherrima
calophyllum inophyllum
calotropis gigantea
calotropis procera
cananga odorata
canavalia cathartica
canavalia rosea
capparis spinosa
cardamine hirsuta
cardiospermum grandiflorum
cascabela thevetia
cassytha filiformis
casuarina equisetifolia
catharanthus roseus
cecropia obtusifolia
cecropia peltata
centaurea melitensis
centaurea stoebe
chenopodium glaucum
chrysobalanus icaco
cinnamomum verum
cirsium vulgare
citrus maxima
clidemia hirta
coccinia grandis
cocos nucifera
cordia sebestena
cordia subcordata
cordyline fruticosa
costus woodsonii
crassula multicava
crepis capillaris
crinum asiaticum
cyperus rotundus
cyrtomium falcatum
dianella ensifolia
dicranopteris linearis
dodonaea viscosa
eleocharis acicularis
elettaria cardamomum
eleusine indica
emilia coccinea
emilia fosbergii
erigeron annuus
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia esula
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia peplus
evolvulus alsinoides
ficus benjamina
ficus macrophylla
ficus microcarpa
fuchsia magellanica
fumaria capreolata
furcraea foetida
galinsoga parviflora
gliricidia sepium
gossypium barbadense
guettarda speciosa
hedychium gardnerianum
helichrysum foetidum
heliconia bihai
hernandia nymphaeifolia
heterocentron subtriplinervium
heterotis rotundifolia
hibiscus schizopetalus
hippeastrum striatum
hippobroma longiflora
histiopteris incisa
holcus lanatus
huperzia squarrosa
impatiens balsamina
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea batatas
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea obscura
ipomoea pes-caprae
jacaranda mimosifolia
jasminum fluminense
kalanchoe delagoensis
koeleria macrantha
kyllinga nemoralis
lantana camara
leptecophylla tameiameiae
leucaena leucocephala
lindernia procumbens
lolium perenne
lonicera japonica
lophospermum erubescens
ludwigia octovalvis
lycopodiella cernua
malvaviscus penduliflorus
manihot esculenta
medicago lupulina
medicago minima
melanthera biflora
melia azedarach
merremia aegyptia
mimosa pudica
myrica faya
myriophyllum spicatum
nertera depressa
nicotiana glauca
nypa fruticans
ochrosia oppositifolia
opuntia ficus-indica
osteomeles anthyllidifolia
oxalis corniculata
oxalis debilis
oxalis latifolia
pandanus tectorius
parkinsonia aculeata
passiflora foetida
passiflora tarminiana
pemphis acidula
peperomia blanda
persicaria capitata
petrea volubilis
phaius tankervilleae
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phymatosorus scolopendria
physalis peruviana
pipturus argenteus
pisonia grandis
planchonella obovata
plumeria rubra
polypodium vulgare
potamogeton nodosus
pseuderanthemum carruthersii
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
pyrostegia venusta
reichardia tingitana
rhizophora mucronata
ricinus communis
rubus rosifolius
rumex acetosella
rumex crispus
russelia equisetiformis
sambucus nigra
scaevola taccada
schizostachyum glaucifolium
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
sechium edule
senna obtusifolia
senna surattensis
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
solandra maxima
solanum linnaeanum
sonchus oleraceus
sonneratia alba
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
spondias dulcis
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stapelia gigantea
stuckenia pectinata
suriana maritima
syzygium cumini
syzygium jambos
syzygium malaccense
tacca leontopetaloides
talipariti tiliaceum
tecoma stans
thalassodendron ciliatum
thelypteris dentata
thelypteris interrupta
theobroma cacao
thespesia populnea
thunbergia alata
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
thunbergia laurifolia
tibouchina urvilleana
tournefortia argentea
tridax procumbens
trimezia martinicensis
turnera ulmifolia
typha domingensis
ulex europaeus
urena lobata
vanilla planifolia
verbascum thapsus
verbena rigida
vicia hirsuta
vitex trifolia
