acaena leptacantha
acaena magellanica
acer negundo
acer pseudoplatanus
adesmia longipes
agave americana
agrostemma githago
agrostis stolonifera
aira caryophyllea
aira praecox
alcea rosea
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
alopecurus aequalis
alopecurus geniculatus
alopecurus myosuroides
alopecurus pratensis
alstroemeria aurea
alyssum alyssoides
amphilophium crucigerum
anagallis arvensis
anemone multifida
anethum graveolens
anthemis cotula
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
apium graveolens
aponogeton distachyos
araucaria araucana
araujia sericifera
arctium minus
arenaria serpyllifolia
armeria curvifolia
artemisia absinthium
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asphodelus fistulosus
atriplex hortensis
atriplex patula
atriplex rosea
atriplex tatarica
avena fatua
avenella flexuosa
azorella selago
baccharis tricuneata
bacopa monnieri
bartsia trixago
batrachium aquatile
berberis empetrifolia
berberis microphylla
berberis trigona
blechnum penna-marina
bolboschoenus maritimus
briza maxima
briza media
bromus arvensis
bromus hordeaceus
bromus japonicus
bromus secalinus
bupleurum tenuissimum
caesalpinia gilliesii
calceolaria biflora
calceolaria tenella
calceolaria uniflora
calendula officinalis
calliandra brevipes
camelina microcarpa
camelina sativa
canna glauca
capsella bursa-pastoris
cardaria draba
cardiospermum grandiflorum
carduus nutans
carex canescens
carex capitata
carex flacca
carex maritima
carex microglochin
carex otrubae
carpobrotus aequilaterus
carthamus lanatus
casuarina cunninghamiana
celosia argentea
centaurea cyanus
centaurea jacea
centunculus minimus
cerastium arvense
cerastium glomeratum
ceratophyllum demersum
cestrum parqui
ceterach officinarum
chelidonium majus
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium murale
chenopodium vulvaria
chiliotrichum diffusum
chrysanthemoides monilifera
chrysanthemum coronarium
cichorium intybus
cirsium vulgare
codonorchis lessonii
colletia paradoxa
colletia spinosissima
colobanthus quitensis
colocasia esculenta
conium maculatum
convolvulus arvensis
coriandrum sativum
cortaderia selloana
cotula coronopifolia
crepis capillaris
crepis pulchra
cuscuta epithymum
cymbalaria muralis
cynara cardunculus
cynoglossum creticum
cyperus eragrostis
cyperus rotundus
cystopteris fragilis
dactylis glomerata
deschampsia antarctica
deschampsia cespitosa
descurainia sophia
desmodium incanum
digitalis purpurea
digitaria sanguinalis
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
echium plantagineum
echium vulgare
eleusine indica
embothrium coccineum
empetrum rubrum
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium obscurum
equisetum arvense
erechtites hieraciifolius
erigeron karvinskianus
erigeron myosotis
erodium cicutarium
erophila verna
eryngium paniculatum
erythrina crista-galli
escallonia alpina
eschscholzia californica
eucryphia glutinosa
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia platyphyllos
fallopia convolvulus
festuca arundinacea
festuca rubra
fitzroya cupressoides
fragaria chiloensis
fuchsia magellanica
fumaria capreolata
galinsoga parviflora
galium aparine
galium verum
gaultheria mucronata
gaultheria pumila
gavilea lutea
gentianella magellanica
geranium dissectum
geranium molle
geranium robertianum
geranium sessiliflorum
glaucium corniculatum
glechoma hederacea
glyceria fluitans
grevillea robusta
gunnera tinctoria
habranthus tubispathus
hedera helix
helianthus annuus
herniaria hirsuta
hesperis matronalis
hibiscus trionum
hieracium aurantiacum
hippuris vulgaris
histiopteris incisa
hordeum murinum
hydrocotyle verticillata
hypericum perforatum
hypochaeris radicata
impatiens glandulifera
iris pseudacorus
jacaranda mimosifolia
juncus bufonius
juncus filiformis
juncus maritimus
juncus tenuis
kickxia elatine
lamium purpureum
lantana camara
lantana montevidensis
lapsana communis
lathyrus japonicus
lathyrus latifolius
leonurus cardiaca
lepidium densiflorum
leucanthemum vulgare
leucheria hahnii
levisticum officinale
ligustrum lucidum
linum bienne
linum catharticum
linum usitatissimum
loasa nana
lolium perenne
lonicera japonica
lotus tenuis
luma apiculata
lupinus arboreus
lupinus polyphyllus
luzuriaga marginata
lychnis coronaria
lycopodium magellanicum
lycopsis arvensis
lycopus europaeus
lythrum hyssopifolia
lythrum salicaria
malus sylvestris
malva neglecta
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
matricaria discoidea
matricaria recutita
medicago arabica
medicago arborea
medicago lupulina
medicago sativa
melissa officinalis
mercurialis annua
mesembryanthemum crystallinum
misodendrum punctulatum
montia fontana
mutisia decurrens
mutisia spinosa
myoporum laetum
myosotis arvensis
myosotis sylvatica
myriophyllum aquaticum
nassauvia aculeata
nassauvia magellanica
nassauvia pygmaea
nastanthus ventosus
nepeta cataria
nertera granadensis
neslia paniculata
nothofagus pumilio
nothoscordum gracile
ophioglossum vulgatum
orobanche ramosa
oxalis corniculata
oxalis debilis
oxalis pes-caprae
oxalis radicosa
panicum capillare
papaver dubium
papaver somniferum
paraserianthes lophantha
parkinsonia aculeata
passiflora caerulea
perezia magellanica
perezia pilifera
perezia recurvata
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phleum alpinum
phleum pratense
plantago arenaria
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
pleopeltis macrocarpa
poa annua
poa nemoralis
poa pratensis
pontederia cordata
portulaca grandiflora
portulaca oleracea
potentilla anserina
prunella vulgaris
pulegium vulgare
quinchamalium chilense
ranunculus muricatus
ricinus communis
rubus ulmifolius
rumex acetosa
rumex acetosella
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
rumex obtusifolius
rumohra adiantiformis
ruta chalepensis
sagina procumbens
salix viminalis
sambucus nigra
samolus repens
sanguisorba minor
sarcocornia fruticosa
sarcocornia perennis
schinus molle
schinus terebinthifolia
senecio acanthifolius
senecio argyreus
senecio inaequidens
senecio patagonicus
senecio smithii
senecio vulgaris
setaria viridis
silene dioica
silybum marianum
sisymbrium officinale
sisymbrium orientale
sisyrinchium macrocarpum
solanum mauritianum
solanum tuberosum
sonchus asper
sonchus oleraceus
sparaxis bulbifera
stellaria media
stellaria pallida
stetsonia coryne
symphyotrichum squamatum
tillandsia usneoides
tragopogon pratensis
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium striatum
tristerix corymbosus
triticum aestivum
tropaeolum majus
tropaeolum polyphyllum
typha latifolia
urtica urens
vaccaria hispanica
valeriana macrorhiza
verbascum thapsus
verbena rigida
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica peregrina
veronica persica
vinca major
viola sacculus
xanthium spinosum
zantedeschia aethiopica
zinnia peruviana
