abies alba
abies lasiocarpa
abies nephrolepis
abies nordmanniana
abutilon theophrasti
acaena novae
acantholimon ulicinum
acanthus mollis
aceras anthropophorum
acer campestre
acer cappadocicum
acer negundo
acer platanoides
acer pseudoplatanus
acer tataricum
acinos alpinus
acinos arvensis
aconitum anthora
aconitum firmum
aconitum lycoctonum
aconitum moldavicum
aconitum napellus
aconitum plicatum
aconitum variegatum
acorellus pannonicus
acorus calamus
actaea rubra
actaea spicata
adenophora liliifolia
adenostyles alliariae
adenostyles alpina
adenostyles leucophylla
adiantum capillus-veneris
adonis aestivalis
adonis annua
adonis distorta
adonis flammea
adonis vernalis
adoxa moschatellina
aegilops cylindrica
aegilops geniculata
aegopodium podagraria
aesculus 
aesculus hippocastanum
aethionema arabicum
aethionema saxatile
aethusa cynapium
agoseris aurantiaca
agrimonia eupatoria
agrimonia odorata
agropyron pectinatum
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis rupestris
agrostis stolonifera
achillea alpina
achillea asplenifolia
achillea atrata
achillea clavennae
achillea erba-rotta
achillea filipendulina
achillea impatiens
achillea millefolium
achillea nana
achillea ochroleuca
achillea oxyloba
achillea pannonica
achillea pratensis
achillea ptarmica
achillea pyrenaica
achillea setacea
ailanthus altissima
aira caryophyllea
aira praecox
ajuga genevensis
ajuga chamaepitys
ajuga chia
ajuga laxmannii
ajuga pyramidalis
ajuga reptans
alcea biennis
alcea rosea
alcea rugosa
aldrovanda vesiculosa
alchemilla conjuncta
alchemilla crinita
alchemilla fissa
alchemilla glabra
alchemilla glabricaulis
alchemilla glaucescens
alchemilla hoppeana
alchemilla micans
alchemilla monticola
alchemilla obtusa
alchemilla pentaphyllea
alchemilla straminea
alchemilla vulgaris
alchemilla xanthochlora
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
alkanna tinctoria
alliaria petiolata
allium angulosum
allium atropurpureum
allium carinatum
allium flavum
allium ochroleucum
allium oleraceum
allium paniculatum
allium paradoxum
allium roseum
allium rotundum
allium scorodoprasum
allium senescens
allium schoenoprasum
allium sphaerocephalon
allium strictum
allium ursinum
allium victorialis
alnus alnobetula
alnus glutinosa
alnus incana
alnus sinuata
alopecurus aequalis
alopecurus geniculatus
alopecurus myosuroides
alopecurus pratensis
alopecurus rendlei
althaea armeniaca
althaea cannabina
althaea hirsuta
althaea officinalis
althaea taurinensis
alyssum alyssoides
alyssum bertolonii
alyssum montanum
alyssum murale
alyssum ovirense
alyssum smolikanum
amaranthus albus
amaranthus blitoides
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
amaranthus retroflexus
ambrosia artemisiifolia
amelanchier alnifolia
amelanchier ovalis
amerorchis rotundifolia
anacamptis pyramidalis
anagallis arvensis
anagallis foemina
anaphalioides bellidioides
anaphalis margaritacea
andrachne colchica
andromeda polifolia
androsace alpina
androsace carnea
androsace elongata
androsace hausmannii
androsace chamaejasme
androsace lactea
androsace lehmanniana
androsace maxima
androsace obtusifolia
androsace septentrionalis
androsace villosa
anemone baldensis
anemone blanda
anemone canadensis
anemone multifida
anemone narcissiflora
anemone nemorosa
anemone ranunculoides
anemone sylvestris
anemone trifolia
anethum graveolens
angelica archangelica
angelica lucida
angelica palustris
angelica sylvestris
anchusa a
anchusa barrelieri
anchusa officinalis
anogramma leptophylla
antennaria carpatica
antennaria dioica
anthemis abagensis
anthemis arvensis
anthemis austriaca
anthemis cotula
anthemis maritima
anthemis ruthenica
anthemis tinctoria
anthericum liliago
anthericum ramosum
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
anthriscus cerefolium
anthriscus nitida
anthriscus sylvestris
anthyllis montana
anthyllis vulneraria
antirrhinum majus
antirrhinum sempervirens
apera spica-venti
aphanes arvensis
aphanes australis
apium graveolens
apium repens
apocynum androsaemifolium
aponogeton distachyos
aposeris foetida
aquilegia alpina
aquilegia atrata
aquilegia einseleana
aquilegia viridiflora
aquilegia vulgaris
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis alpina
arabis auriculata
arabis caerulea
arabis glabra
arabis hirsuta
arabis nemorensis
arabis pauciflora
arabis sagittata
arabis soyeri
aralia nudicaulis
arbutus andrachne
arbutus unedo
arctium lappa
arctium minus
arctium tomentosum
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctous alpina
arctous ruber
aremonia agrimonoides
arenaria bertolonii
arenaria biflora
arenaria conferta
arenaria grandiflora
arenaria moehringioides
arenaria serpyllifolia
arenaria tenella
aristolochia clematitis
aristolochia rotunda
armeria alpina
armeria maritima
armeria scabra
armeria vulgaris
armoracia rusticana
arnebia decumbens
arnica angustifolia
arnica montana
arnoseris minima
aronia melanocarpa
arrhenatherum elatius
artemisia absinthium
artemisia borealis
artemisia campestris
artemisia eriantha
artemisia frigida
artemisia pancicii
artemisia pontica
artemisia santonicum
artemisia scoparia
artemisia vallesiaca
artemisia vulgaris
arum cylindraceum
arum maculatum
aruncus vulgaris
asarum europaeum
asclepias syriaca
asparagus officinalis
asperugo procumbens
asperula arvensis
asperula capitata
asperula cynanchica
asperula doerfleri
asperula neilreichii
asperula tinctoria
asphodeline brevicaulis
asphodeline taurica
asphodelus albus
asphodelus fistulosus
asplenium 
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium adulterinum
asplenium cuneifolium
asplenium presolanense
asplenium ruta-muraria
asplenium septentrionale
asplenium trichomanes
asplenium viride
aster alpinus
aster amellus
aster bellidiastrum
aster linosyris
aster pyrenaeus
aster tripolium
astragalus agrestis
astragalus alopecurus
astragalus alpinus
astragalus americanus
astragalus arenarius
astragalus asper
astragalus australis
astragalus austriacus
astragalus cicer
astragalus danicus
astragalus dasyanthus
astragalus depressus
astragalus exscapus
astragalus frigidus
astragalus glycyphyllos
astragalus monspessulanus
astragalus norvegicus
astragalus onobrychis
astragalus penduliflorus
astragalus vesicarius
astrantia major
astrantia minor
athamanta cretensis
athamanta vestina
athyrium distentifolium
athyrium filix-femina
atriplex hortensis
atriplex littoralis
atriplex oblongifolia
atriplex patula
atriplex portulacoides
atriplex prostrata
atriplex rosea
atriplex sagittata
atriplex tatarica
atropa bella-donna
aubrieta deltoidea
aubrieta gracilis
aurinia saxatilis
avena fatua
avenella flexuosa
avenula pubescens
ballota nigra
barbarea balcana
barbarea bracteosa
barbarea stricta
barbarea vulgaris
bartsia alpina
bartsia trixago
bassia sedoides
batrachium aquatile
batrachium circinatum
batrachium fluitans
batrachium peltatum
batrachium rionii
batrachium trichophyllum
beckmannia eruciformis
bellis annua
bellis perennis
berardia subacaulis
berberis crataegina
berberis vulgaris
bergenia crassifolia
berteroa incana
berula erecta
beta vulgaris
betonica officinalis
betula carpatica
betula humilis
betula nana
betula oycoviensis
betula pendula
betula pubescens
bidens cernua
bidens ferulifolia
bidens frondosa
bidens radiata
bidens tripartita
bifora radians
biscutella laevigata
bistorta major
bistorta vivipara
blackstonia acuminata
blackstonia perfoliata
blechnum spicant
blysmus compressus
bolboschoenus laticarpus
bolboschoenus maritimus
bolboschoenus planiculmis
bolboschoenus yagara
bombycilaena erecta
borago officinalis
bornmuellera baldaccii
bothriochloa ischaemum
botrychium lunaria
botrychium matricariifolium
botrychium minganense
botrychium multifidum
botrychium virginianum
brachypodium pinnatum
brachypodium sylvaticum
brassica repanda
briza maxima
briza media
bromus arvensis
bromus benekenii
bromus erectus
bromus hordeaceus
bromus inermis
bromus japonicus
bromus secalinus
bromus sterilis
bromus tectorum
bryonia alba
bryonia dioica
buddleja davidii
bulbocodium vernum
bunias orientalis
buphthalmum salicifolium
bupleurum affine
bupleurum baldense
bupleurum falcatum
bupleurum fruticosum
bupleurum longifolium
bupleurum ranunculoides
bupleurum rotundifolium
bupleurum stellatum
bupleurum tenuissimum
butomus umbellatus
buxus sempervirens
cakile edentula
cakile maritima
calamagrostis arundinacea
calamagrostis epigejos
calamagrostis pseudophragmites
calamagrostis varia
calamagrostis villosa
calendula arvensis
calendula officinalis
calla palustris
callianthemum anemonoides
callianthemum coriandrifolium
callianthemum kernerianum
calligonum calliphysa
callitriche 
callitriche cophocarpa
callitriche hamulata
callitriche hermaphroditica
callitriche palustris
callitriche platycarpa
callitriche stagnalis
calluna vulgaris
calotropis procera
caltha natans
caltha palustris
calypso bulbosa
calystegia pulchra
calystegia sepium
calystegia soldanella
camelina microcarpa
camelina rumelica
camelina sativa
campanula 
campanula abietina
campanula alpestris
campanula alpina
campanula barbata
campanula bohemica
campanula bononiensis
campanula carpatica
campanula cenisia
campanula cervicaria
campanula cespitosa
campanula cochleariifolia
campanula gelida
campanula gentilis
campanula gieseckiana
campanula glomerata
campanula hawkinsiana
campanula lasiocarpa
campanula latifolia
campanula macrostachya
campanula medium
campanula moravica
campanula patula
campanula persicifolia
campanula pulla
campanula punctata
campanula pyramidalis
campanula rapunculoides
campanula rhomboidalis
campanula rotundifolia
campanula serrata
campanula scheuch
campanula sibirica
campanula spicata
campanula thyrsoides
campanula trachelium
camphorosma annua
camphorosma monspeliaca
canadanthus modestus
cannabis ruderalis
cannabis sativa
capsella bursa-pastoris
capsella rubella
caragana arborescens
cardamine amara
cardamine asarifolia
cardamine bellidifolia
cardamine carnosa
cardamine flexuosa
cardamine glauca
cardamine hirsuta
cardamine impatiens
cardamine pratensis
cardamine resedifolia
cardamine trifolia
cardaminopsis halleri
cardaminopsis neglecta
cardaminopsis petraea
cardaria draba
carduus acanthoides
carduus carlinoides
carduus crispus
carduus defloratus
carduus nutans
carduus personata
carex acuta
carex acutiformis
carex alba
carex appropinquata
carex aquatilis
carex arctogena
carex arenaria
carex aterrima
carex atrata
carex atrofusca
carex aurea
carex baldensis
carex bicolor
carex bigelowii
carex bohemica
carex brachystachys
carex brevicollis
carex bri
carex buekii
carex buxbaumii
carex canescens
carex capillaris
carex capitata
carex caryophyllea
carex cespitosa
carex curvula
carex davalliana
carex demissa
carex depauperata
carex depressa
carex derelicta
carex diandra
carex digitata
carex dioica
carex distans
carex disticha
carex divisa
carex divulsa
carex echinata
carex elata
carex elongata
carex ericetorum
carex extensa
carex ferruginea
carex filifolia
carex firma
carex flacca
carex flava
carex foetida
carex frigida
carex fritschii
carex fuliginosa
carex halleriana
carex hartmanii
carex heleonastes
carex hirta
carex hordeistichos
carex hostiana
carex humilis
carex chordorrhi
carex inops
carex kitaibeliana
carex lachenalii
carex lasiocarpa
carex leersii
carex lepidocarpa
carex limosa
carex liparocarpos
carex loliacea
carex macrocephala
carex macrolepis
carex magellanica
carex maritima
carex melanostachya
carex mertensii
carex microglochin
carex michelii
carex montana
carex muricata
carex nigra
carex obtusata
carex ornithopoda
carex otrubae
carex ovalis
carex pairae
carex pallescens
carex panicea
carex paniculata
carex parviflora
carex pauciflora
carex pediformis
carex pendula
carex pilulifera
carex praecox
carex pseudobri
carex pseudocyperus
carex pulicaris
carex pyrenaica
carex rariflora
carex remota
carex riparia
carex rostrata
carex rufina
carex rupestris
carex saxatilis
carex scirpoidea
carex secalina
carex sempervirens
carex spicata
carex stenophylla
carex strigosa
carex supina
carex sylvatica
carex tomentosa
carex umbrosa
carex vaginata
carex vesicaria
carex viridula
carex vulpina
carlina acaulis
carlina vulgaris
carpinus betulus
carpobrotus edulis
carthamus lanatus
carthamus tinctorius
carum carvi
cassiope tetragona
castanea sativa
castilleja miniata
catabrosa aquatica
caucalis platycarpos
celtis australis
celtis tournefortii
centaurea aspera
centaurea calocephala
centaurea cyanus
centaurea delucae
centaurea depressa
centaurea diffusa
centaurea jacea
centaurea macrocephala
centaurea melitensis
centaurea montana
centaurea nervosa
centaurea pseudophrygia
centaurea ptarmicoides
centaurea scabiosa
centaurea solstitialis
centaurea stenolepis
centaurea stoebe
centaurea triumfetti
centaurea uniflora
centaurium erythraea
centaurium littorale
centaurium maritimum
centaurium pulchellum
centaurium spicatum
centranthus angustifolius
centunculus minimus
cephalanthera damasonium
cephalanthera epipactoides
cephalanthera longifolia
cephalanthera rubra
cephalaria gigantea
cephalaria transsylvanica
cerastium alsinifolium
cerastium arcticum
cerastium arvense
cerastium banaticum
cerastium brachypetalum
cerastium decalvans
cerastium dubium
cerastium eriophorum
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium glutinosum
cerastium holosteoides
cerastium lucorum
cerastium moesiacum
cerastium pumilum
cerastium semidecandrum
cerastium smolikanum
ceratophyllum demersum
ceratophyllum submersum
cercis siliquastrum
cerinthe minor
ceterach javorkeanum
ceterach officinarum
cicendia filiformis
cicer arietinum
cicerbita alpina
cicerbita plumieri
cicuta douglasii
cicuta maculata
cicuta virosa
cichorium intybus
cimicifuga europaea
circaea 
circaea lutetiana
cirsium 
cirsium acaule
cirsium arvense
cirsium brachycephalum
cirsium canum
cirsium drummondii
cirsium eriophorum
cirsium erisithales
cirsium foliosum
cirsium heterophyllum
cirsium oleraceum
cirsium palustre
cirsium pannonicum
cirsium rivulare
cirsium spinosissimum
cirsium undulatum
cirsium vulgare
cirsium waldsteinii
cistus incanus
cistus salviifolius
citrullus lanatus
cladium mariscus
claytonia alsinoides
claytonia lanceolata
clematis alpina
clematis flammula
clematis integrifolia
clematis occidentalis
clematis recta
clematis vitalba
clinopodium vulgare
clypeola jonthlaspi
cnicus benedictus
cnidium dubium
coeloglossum viride
cochlearia groenlandica
cochlearia pyrenaica
cochlearia tatrae
coleanthus subtilis
colchicum arenarium
colchicum autumnale
colchicum hungaricum
collomia linearis
colutea arborescens
comastoma tenellum
commelina communis
conioselinum tataricum
conium maculatum
conringia austriaca
conringia orientalis
consolida orientalis
consolida regalis
convallaria majalis
convolvulus arvensis
convolvulus boissieri
convolvulus cantabrica
convolvulus lineatus
conyza canadensis
coptidium lapponicum
coptis trifolia
corallorhiza maculata
corallorhiza striata
corallorhiza trifida
coriandrum sativum
corispermum nitidum
corispermum pallasii
cornus canadensis
cornus mas
cornus sanguinea
cornus sericea
cornus suecica
coronilla coronata
coronilla scorpioides
coronilla vaginalis
coronopus squamatus
corrigiola litoralis
cortusa matthioli
corydalis alba
corydalis aurea
corydalis capnoides
corydalis cava
corydalis intermedia
corydalis lutea
corydalis oppositifolia
corydalis pumila
corydalis sempervirens
corydalis solida
corylus avellana
corylus colurna
corynephorus canescens
cosmos bipinnatus
cotinus coggygria
cotoneaster integerrimus
cotoneaster laxiflorus
cotoneaster tomentosus
crambe tataria
crataegus douglasii
crataegus laevigata
crataegus lindmanii
crataegus monogyna
crataegus praemonticola
crepidotus variabilis
crepis aurea
crepis biennis
crepis capillaris
crepis cony
crepis foetida
crepis froelichiana
crepis jacquinii
crepis mollis
crepis paludosa
crepis pannonica
crepis praemorsa
crepis pulchra
crepis pygmaea
crepis setosa
crepis sibirica
crithmum maritimum
crocosmia 
crocus albiflorus
crocus biflorus
crocus discolor
cruciata glabra
cruciata laevipes
cruciata pedemontana
crupina vulgaris
crypsis aculeata
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cryptogramma crispa
cucubalus baccifer
cupressus sempervirens
cuscuta approximata
cuscuta epithymum
cuscuta europaea
cyclamen coum
cyclamen fatrense
cyclamen purpurascens
cyclamen repandum
cycloloma atriplicifolium
cydonia oblonga
cymbalaria muralis
cynanchum acutum
cynodon dactylon
cynoglossum montanum
cynoglossum officinale
cynosurus cristatus
cyperus eragrostis
cyperus flavescens
cyperus fuscus
cyperus glomeratus
cyperus longus
cyperus michelianus
cyperus rotundus
cypripedium acaule
cypripedium calceolus
cypripedium guttatum
cypripedium macranthon
cypripedium parviflorum
cypripedium passerinum
cystopteris bulbifera
cystopteris fragilis
cystopteris sudetica
cytisus nigricans
cytisus procumbens
cytisus scoparius
daboecia cantabrica
dactylis glomerata
dactylis polygama
dactylorhiza 
dactylorhiza baltica
dactylorhiza bohemica
dactylorhiza cordigera
dactylorhiza curvifolia
dactylorhiza ericetorum
dactylorhiza fuchsii
dactylorhiza incarnata
dactylorhiza lapponica
dactylorhiza maculata
dactylorhiza majalis
dactylorhiza ochroleuca
dactylorhiza sambucina
dactylorhiza traunsteineri
danthonia alpina
danthonia decumbens
daphne alpina
daphne arbuscula
daphne blagayana
daphne cneorum
daphne glomerata
daphne julia
daphne laureola
daphne me
daphne oleoides
daphne pontica
daphne sericea
daphne striata
datura stramonium
daucus carota
delphinium elatum
delphinium oxysepalum
dendranthema 
dentaria bulbifera
dentaria enneaphyllos
dentaria glandulosa
dentaria pentaphyllos
descurainia sophia
deschampsia cespitosa
dianthus alpinus
dianthus arenarius
dianthus armeria
dianthus barbatus
dianthus carthusianorum
dianthus collinus
dianthus deltoides
dianthus glacialis
dianthus gratianopolitanus
dianthus haematocalyx
dianthus knappii
dianthus lumnit
dianthus microlepis
dianthus moravicus
dianthus nitidus
dianthus pavonius
dianthus plumarius
dianthus pontederae
dianthus praecox
dianthus serotinus
dianthus spiculifolius
dianthus sternbergii
dianthus strictus
dianthus superbus
dianthus sylvaticus
dianthus sylvestris
diapensia lapponica
dictamnus albus
digitalis ferruginea
digitalis grandiflora
digitalis lanata
digitalis purpurea
digitalis viridiflora
digitaria sanguinalis
diphasiastrum 
diphasiastrum alpinum
diphasiastrum complanatum
diphasiastrum issleri
diphasiastrum oellgaardii
diphasiastrum tristachyum
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dipsacus fullonum
dipsacus laciniatus
doronicum austriacum
doronicum clusii
doronicum columnae
dorycnium germanicum
dorycnium herbaceum
draba ai
draba bryoides
draba dolomitica
draba dubia
draba fladni
draba hoppeana
draba imbricata
draba lasiocarpa
draba muralis
draba nemorosa
draba tomentosa
dracocephalum austriacum
dracocephalum ruyschiana
drosera 
drosera anglica
drosera intermedia
drosera rotundifolia
dryas drummondii
dryas integrifolia
dryas octopetala
dryas punctata
dryopteris carthusiana
dryopteris cristata
dryopteris dilatata
dryopteris filix-mas
duchesnea indica
ecballium elaterium
echinocystis lobata
echinochloa crus-galli
echinops exaltatus
echinops ritro
echinops sphaerocephalus
echium italicum
echium maculatum
echium plantagineum
echium vulgare
elaeagnus angustifolia
elaeagnus commutata
elatine alsinastrum
elatine hexandra
elatine hydropiper
elatine triandra
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis carniolica
eleocharis ovata
eleocharis palustris
eleocharis quinqueflora
eleocharis uniglumis
eleusine indica
elodea canadensis
elymus caninus
elyna myosuroides
elytrigia intermedia
elytrigia repens
empetrum hermaphroditum
empetrum nigrum
ephedra distachya
epilobium alpestre
epilobium alsinifolium
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium brunnescens
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium collinum
epilobium dodonaei
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium latifolium
epilobium montanum
epilobium nutans
epilobium obscurum
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
epimedium alpinum
epimedium pinnatum
epipactis albensis
epipactis atrorubens
epipactis greuteri
epipactis helleborine
epipactis komoricensis
epipactis leptochila
epipactis microphylla
epipactis muelleri
epipactis palustris
epipactis placentina
epipactis pontica
epipactis pseudopurpurata
epipactis purpurata
epipactis tallosii
epipactis voethii
epipogium aphyllum
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum ramosissimum
equisetum sylvaticum
equisetum telmateia
equisetum variegatum
eragrostis minor
eranthis hyemalis
erechtites hieraciifolius
eremurus spectabilis
erica carnea
erica cinerea
erica spiculifolia
erica tetralix
erica vagans
erigeron acris
erigeron alpinus
erigeron annuus
erigeron caespitosus
erigeron compositus
erigeron glabellus
erigeron karvinskianus
erinus alpinus
eriogonum flavum
eriophorum angustifolium
eriophorum gracile
eriophorum latifolium
eriophorum scheuch
eriophorum vaginatum
eriophorum viridicarinatum
eritrichium nanum
erodium ciconium
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
erophila spathulata
erophila verna
eruca sativa
erucastrum gallicum
erucastrum nasturtiifolium
eryngium alpinum
eryngium amethystinum
eryngium campestre
eryngium maritimum
eryngium planum
erysimum crepidifolium
erysimum durum
erysimum hieraciifolium
erysimum hungaricum
erysimum cheiranthoides
erysimum odoratum
erysimum repandum
erysimum wittmannii
erythronium dens-canis
euclidium syriacum
euonymus europaeus
euonymus verrucosus
eupatorium cannabinum
euphorbia amygdaloides
euphorbia angulata
euphorbia austriaca
euphorbia cyparissias
euphorbia dulcis
euphorbia epithymoides
euphorbia esula
euphorbia exigua
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia herniariifolia
euphorbia lucida
euphorbia marginata
euphorbia myrsinites
euphorbia palustris
euphorbia paralias
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia platyphyllos
euphorbia saxatilis
euphorbia seguieriana
euphorbia sojakii
euphorbia verrucosa
euphorbia villosa
euphrasia alpina
euphrasia frigida
euphrasia minima
euphrasia rostkoviana
euphrasia stricta
fagopyrum esculentum
fagus sylvatica
falcaria vulgaris
fallopia aubertii
fallopia convolvulus
fallopia dumetorum
ferula sadleriana
festuca altissima
festuca amethystina
festuca arundinacea
festuca brevipila
festuca filiformis
festuca gigantea
festuca ovina
festuca pallens
festuca pratensis
festuca pseudovina
festuca rubra
festuca rupicola
festuca supina
festuca valesiaca
festuca versicolor
ficaria calthifolia
ficaria verna
filago arvensis
filago lutescens
filago minima
filago vulgaris
filipendula kamtschatica
filipendula ulmaria
filipendula vulgaris
forsythia 
fragaria moschata
fragaria vesca
fragaria virginiana
fragaria viridis
frangula alnus
frankenia hirsuta
fraxinus excelsior
fraxinus ornus
fritillaria meleagris
fritillaria montana
fritillaria tubiformis
fumana procumbens
fumaria capreolata
fumaria officinalis
fumaria rostellata
fumaria schleicheri
fumaria vaillantii
gagea bohemica
gagea liotardii
gagea lutea
gagea minima
gagea pratensis
gagea pusilla
gagea transversalis
gagea villosa
galactites tomentosus
galanthus nivalis
galatella cana
galatella punctata
galega officinalis
galeobdolon argentatum
galeobdolon luteum
galeobdolon montanum
galeopsis angustifolia
galeopsis bifida
galeopsis ladanum
galeopsis pubescens
galeopsis speciosa
galeopsis tetrahit
galinsoga parviflora
galinsoga quadriradiata
galium 
galium album
galium anisophyllon
galium aparine
galium austriacum
galium boreale
galium cespitosum
galium glaucum
galium megalospermum
galium murale
galium odoratum
galium palustre
galium pumilum
galium rivale
galium rotundifolium
galium saxatile
galium spurium
galium sudeticum
galium sylvaticum
galium tricornutum
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
galium verum
galium wirtgenii
genista germanica
genista januensis
genista pilosa
genista sagittalis
genista tinctoria
gentiana acaulis
gentiana affinis
gentiana asclepiadea
gentiana clusii
gentiana cruciata
gentiana frigida
gentiana glauca
gentiana lutea
gentiana macrophylla
gentiana nivalis
gentiana pannonica
gentiana pneumonanthe
gentiana punctata
gentiana purpurea
gentiana pyrenaica
gentiana septemfida
gentiana terglouensis
gentiana utriculosa
gentiana verna
gentianella amarella
gentianella austriaca
gentianella bulgarica
gentianella campestris
gentianella fatrae
gentianella germanica
gentianella lutescens
gentianella obtusifolia
gentianella praecox
gentianopsis ciliata
gentianopsis macounii
geocaulon lividum
geranium bicknellii
geranium cinereum
geranium columbinum
geranium dissectum
geranium endressii
geranium lucidum
geranium macrorrhi
geranium molle
geranium nodosum
geranium palustre
geranium phaeum
geranium pratense
geranium psilostemon
geranium purpureum
geranium pusillum
geranium pyrenaicum
geranium robertianum
geranium sanguineum
geranium sylvaticum
geum bulgaricum
geum coccineum
geum montanum
geum reptans
geum rivale
geum triflorum
geum urbanum
gladiolus communis
gladiolus illyricus
gladiolus imbricatus
gladiolus palustris
glaucium corniculatum
glaucium flavum
glaux maritima
gleditsia triacanthos
glechoma hederacea
glechoma hirsuta
globularia bisnagarica
globularia cordifolia
globularia nudicaulis
globularia trichosantha
glyceria fluitans
glyceria maxima
glyceria notata
glycyrrhiza echinata
gnaphalium norvegicum
gnaphalium supinum
gnaphalium sylvaticum
gnaphalium uliginosum
goodyera oblongifolia
goodyera repens
gratiola officinalis
grindelia squarrosa
groenlandia densa
gunnera tinctoria
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnadenia densiflora
gymnadenia frivaldii
gymnadenia odoratissima
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
gypsophila fastigiata
gypsophila muralis
gypsophila paniculata
gypsophila petraea
gypsophila repens
hacquetia epipactis
hammarbya paludosa
harrimanella hypnoides
hedera helix
hedysarum alpinum
hedysarum boreale
hedysarum hedysaroides
hedysarum varium
heleochloa alopecuroides
heleochloa schoenoides
helianthemum apenninum
helianthemum canum
helianthemum grandiflorum
helianthemum rupifragum
helianthus annuus
helianthus nuttallii
helianthus tuberosus
helictotrichon desertorum
helichrysum arenarium
heliotropium europaeum
helleborus foetidus
helleborus niger
helleborus odorus
helleborus orientalis
helleborus purpurascens
helleborus viridis
hemerocallis fulva
hepatica nobilis
heracleum lanatum
heracleum mantega
heracleum sphondylium
herminium monorchis
herniaria glabra
herniaria hirsuta
herniaria incana
hesperis matronalis
hesperis tristis
hibiscus trionum
hieracium alpinum
hieracium aurantiacum
hieracium bauhini
hieracium caespitosum
hieracium decipiens
hieracium flagellare
hieracium floribundum
hieracium glandulosodentatum
hieracium glomeratum
hieracium intybaceum
hieracium iseranum
hieracium lactucella
hieracium laevigatum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium maculatum
hieracium melanocephalum
hieracium murorum
hieracium pedunculare
hieracium pilosella
hieracium piloselloides
hieracium rohlenae
hieracium sabaudum
hieracium schmidtii
hieracium schneiderianum
hieracium schultesii
hieracium tubulosum
hieracium umbellatum
hieracium villosum
hierochloe australis
hierochloe odorata
hierochloe odorata
himantoglossum adriaticum
himantoglossum caprinum
himantoglossum hircinum
hippocrepis comosa
hippocrepis emerus
hippophae rhamnoides
hippuris vulgaris
holcus lanatus
holcus mollis
holosteum umbellatum
homogyne alpina
honckenya peploides
hordelymus europaeus
hordeum brevisubulatum
hordeum geniculatum
hordeum jubatum
hordeum murinum
horminum pyrenaicum
hornungia petraea
hottonia palustris
hugueninia tanacetifolia
humulus lupulus
huperzia arctica
huperzia selago
hyacinthoides hispanica
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle vulgaris
hydrocharis morsus-ranae
hylotelephium argutum
hylotelephium jullianum
hylotelephium maximum
hylotelephium telephium
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hyoscyamus albus
hyoscyamus niger
hyoscyamus reticulatus
hypericum androsaemum
hypericum elegans
hypericum hirsutum
hypericum humifusum
hypericum maculatum
hypericum montanum
hypericum perforatum
hypericum tetrapterum
hypochaeris maculata
hypochaeris radicata
hypochaeris uniflora
hyssopus officinalis
chaerophyllum aromaticum
chaerophyllum aureum
chaerophyllum bulbosum
chaerophyllum hirsutum
chaerophyllum temulum
chamaecytisus albus
chamaecytisus austriacus
chamaecytisus purpureus
chamaecytisus ratisbonensis
chamaecytisus supinus
chamaecytisus virescens
chamorchis alpina
chelidonium majus
chenopodium album
chenopodium bonus-henricus
chenopodium botrys
chenopodium capitatum
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium hybridum
chenopodium chenopodioides
chenopodium murale
chenopodium polyspermum
chenopodium pumilio
chenopodium rubrum
chenopodium strictum
chenopodium suecicum
chenopodium urbicum
chenopodium vulvaria
chimaphila umbellata
chondrilla juncea
chrysopogon gryllus
chrysosplenium alternifolium
chrysosplenium oppositifolium
iberis spathulata
ilex aquifolium
illecebrum verticillatum
impatiens balfourii
impatiens glandulifera
impatiens noli-tangere
impatiens parviflora
imperatoria ostruthium
inula britannica
inula cony
inula crithmoides
inula ensifolia
inula germanica
inula hirta
inula oculus-christi
inula salicina
ipomoea purpurea
iris aphylla
iris arenaria
iris graminea
iris illyrica
iris lactea
iris latifolia
iris lineolata
iris pallida
iris pseudacorus
iris pumila
iris reginae
iris sibirica
iris sintenisii
iris spuria
iris variegata
isatis campestris
isatis tinctoria
isoetes echinospora
isoetes histrix
isoetes histrix
isoetes lacustris
isoetes lacustris
isoetes velata
isoetes velata
isolepis setacea
isopyrum thalictroides
iva xanthiifolia
jankaea heldreichii
jasione montana
jasminum fruticans
jovibarba globifera
juglans nigra
juglans regia
juncus acutiflorus
juncus alpinoarticulatus
juncus anceps
juncus arcticus
juncus articulatus
juncus atratus
juncus bufonius
juncus bulbosus
juncus capitatus
juncus castaneus
juncus compressus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus effusus
juncus filiformis
juncus gerardii
juncus inflexus
juncus jacquinii
juncus maritimus
juncus pygmaeus
juncus sphaerocarpus
juncus squarrosus
juncus subnodulosus
juncus tenageia
juncus tenuis
juncus trifidus
juncus triglumis
juniperus communis
juniperus foetidissima
juniperus hori
juniperus oxycedrus
juniperus phoenicea
juniperus sabina
jurinea cyanoides
jurinea mollis
kalmia microphylla
kickxia elatine
kickxia spuria
knautia arvensis
knautia drymeja
knautia kitaibelii
knautia maxima
kobresia simpliciuscula
koeleria glauca
koeleria macrantha
koeleria pyramidata
koeleria tristis
kochia laniflora
kochia prostata
kochia prostrata
kochia scoparia
krashenninikovia ceratoides
krascheninnikovia ceratoides
laburnum anagyroides
lactuca perennis
lactuca serriola
lactuca tatarica
lactuca viminea
lagurus ovatus
lamium album
lamium amplexicaule
lamium maculatum
lamium orvala
lamium purpureum
lappula semicincta
lappula squarrosa
lapsana communis
larix decidua
larix sibirica
laserpitium archangelica
laserpitium gallicum
laserpitium halleri
laserpitium latifolium
laserpitium prutenicum
laserpitium siler
lastrea limbosperma
lathraea squamaria
lathyrus aphaca
lathyrus cicera
lathyrus clymenum
lathyrus digitatus
lathyrus grandiflorus
lathyrus heterophyllus
lathyrus hirsutus
lathyrus japonicus
lathyrus laevigatus
lathyrus latifolius
lathyrus linifolius
lathyrus niger
lathyrus nissolia
lathyrus palustris
lathyrus pannonicus
lathyrus pisiformis
lathyrus pratensis
lathyrus sylvestris
lathyrus tuberosus
lathyrus venetus
lathyrus vernus
laurus nobilis
lavandula angustifolia
ledum groenlandicum
ledum palustre
leersia ory
legousia falcata
legousia pentagonia
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lemna turionifera
lens culinaris
leontodon autumnalis
leontodon hispidus
leontodon incanus
leontopodium alpinum
leontopodium kamtschaticum
leonurus cardiaca
leonurus marrubiastrum
lepidium campestre
lepidium cartilagineum
lepidium densiflorum
lepidium perfoliatum
lepidium ruderale
lepidium sativum
leucanthemella serotina
leucanthemopsis alpina
leucanthemum ircutianum
leucanthemum virgatum
leucanthemum vulgare
leucanthemum waldsteinii
leucojum aestivum
leucojum vernum
leucosinapis alba
levisticum officinale
leymus mollis
libanotis pyrenaica
ligularia sibirica
ligusticum lucidum
ligusticum mutellina
ligusticum mutellinoides
ligustrum ovalifolium
ligustrum vulgare
lilium bulbiferum
lilium martagon
lilium philadelphicum
limodorum abortivum
limonium bellidifolium
limonium gmelinii
limonium serotinum
limosella aquatica
linaria alpina
linaria genistifolia
linaria pallidiflora
linaria pelisseriana
linaria repens
linaria supina
linaria vulgaris
lindernia procumbens
linnaea borealis
linum austriacum
linum bienne
linum catharticum
linum dolomiticum
linum flavum
linum hirsutum
linum perenne
linum strictum
linum suffruticosum
linum tenuifolium
linum usitatissimum
liparis loeselii
listera borealis
listera convallarioides
listera cordata
listera ovata
lithospermum arvense
lithospermum officinale
lithospermum purpurocaeruleum
littorella uniflora
lloydia serotina
lobelia dortmanna
lobelia urens
lobularia maritima
loiseleuria procumbens
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera alpigena
lonicera caerulea
lonicera caprifolium
lonicera involucrata
lonicera japonica
lonicera nigra
lonicera periclymenum
lonicera tatarica
lonicera xylosteum
loranthus europaeus
lotus angustissimus
lotus corniculatus
lotus tenuis
lotus uliginosus
luetkea pectinata
lunaria annua
lunaria rediviva
lunaria telekiana
lupinus angustifolius
lupinus arboreus
lupinus micranthus
lupinus polyphyllus
luronium natans
luzula alpinopilosa
luzula campestris
luzula divulgata
luzula lu
luzula lutea
luzula multiflora
luzula pallescens
luzula pilosa
luzula spicata
luzula sudetica
luzula sylvatica
lycium barbarum
lycopodiella inundata
lycopodium annotinum
lycopodium clavatum
lycopsis arvensis
lycopus europaeus
lycopus exaltatus
lychnis alpina
lychnis coronaria
lychnis flos-cuculi
lychnis flos-jovis
lychnis chalcedonica
lychnis viscaria
lysimachia atropurpurea
lysimachia nemorum
lysimachia nummularia
lysimachia punctata
lysimachia thyrsiflora
lysimachia vulgaris
lythrum hyssopifolia
lythrum salicaria
lythrum tribracteatum
lythrum virgatum
maclura pomifera
magnolia 
mahonia aquifolium
maianthemum bifolium
maianthemum canadense
maianthemum dilatatum
maianthemum stellatum
malaxis monophyllos
malus domestica
malus sylvestris
malva alcea
malva moschata
malva neglecta
malva pusilla
malva sylvestris
maresia nana
marrubium vulgare
marsilea quadrifolia
matricaria discoidea
matricaria recutita
matteuccia struthiopteris
matteucia struthiopteris
matthiola sinuata
meconopsis cambrica
medicago 
medicago arabica
medicago falcata
medicago lupulina
medicago marina
medicago minima
medicago prostrata
medicago sativa
melampyrum arvense
melampyrum barbatum
melampyrum bohemicum
melampyrum cristatum
melampyrum nemorosum
melampyrum pratense
melampyrum sylvaticum
melica altissima
melica ciliata
melica nutans
melica picta
melica transsilvanica
melica uniflora
melilotus alba
melilotus albus
melilotus altissimus
melilotus dentatus
melilotus officinalis
melissa officinalis
melittis melissophyllum
mentha 
mentha aquatica
mentha longifolia
menyanthes trifoliata
mercurialis annua
mercurialis ovata
mercurialis perennis
mertensia maritima
mertensia paniculata
mespilus germanica
meum athamanticum
microrrhinum litorale
microrrhinum minus
milium effusum
mimulus guttatus
minuartia caespitosa
minuartia corcontica
minuartia glaucina
minuartia glomerata
minuartia hirsuta
minuartia langii
minuartia recurva
minuartia sedoides
minuartia setacea
minuartia smejkalii
misopates orontium
mitella breweri
mitella nuda
moehringia ciliata
moehringia muscosa
moehringia trinervia
molinia arundinacea
molopospermum peloponnesiacum
moltkia coerulea
moltkia petraea
monarda fistulosa
moneses uniflora
monotropa hypophegea
monotropa hypopitys
monotropa uniflora
montia arvensis
montia fontana
montia hallii
moraea sisyrinchium
morus nigra
muscari armeniacum
muscari comosum
muscari latifolium
muscari neglectum
muscari tenuiflorum
myagrum perfoliatum
mycelis muralis
myosotis alpestris
myosotis arvensis
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis discolor
myosotis nemorosa
myosotis ramosissima
myosotis sparsiflora
myosotis stenophylla
myosotis stricta
myosotis sylvatica
myosoton aquaticum
myosurus minimus
myricaria germanica
myriohyllum verticillatum
myriophyllum alterniflorum
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum spicatum
myriophyllum verticillatum
myrrhis odorata
najas marina
najas minor
narcissus bulbocodium
narcissus poeticus
narcissus pseudonarcissus
narcissus triandrus
nardus stricta
narthecium ossifragum
narthecium scardicum
nasturtium microphyllum
nasturtium officinale
neatostema apulum
neotinea maculata
neottia nidus-avis
nepeta cataria
nepeta nuda
nepeta racemosa
nerium oleander
neslia paniculata
nicandra physalodes
nicotiana rustica
nigella arvensis
nigella damascena
nigritella corneliana
nigritella lithopolitanica
nigritella rhellicani
nigritella rubra
nonea pulla
notholaena marantae
notobasis syriaca
nuphar lutea
nuphar polysepala
nuphar pumila
nymphaea alba
nymphaea candida
nymphoides peltata
odontites vernus
oenanthe aquatica
oenothera biennis
oenothera gla
omphalodes scorpioides
omphalodes verna
onobrychis montana
onobrychis viciifolia
ononis arvensis
ononis cristata
ononis natrix
ononis repens
ononis spinosa
onopordon acanthium
onopordum acanthium
onosma arenaria
onosma caucasica
onosma fastigiata
onosma helvetica
onosma tornensis
onosma visianii
ophioglossum vulgatum
ophrys apifera
ophrys cornuta
ophrys fusca
ophrys holoserica
ophrys insectifera
ophrys mammosa
ophrys scolopax
ophrys sphegodes
ophrys umbilicata
opuntia fragilis
orchis 
orchis anatolica
orchis coriophora
orchis elegans
orchis laxiflora
orchis mascula
orchis militaris
orchis morio
orchis pallens
orchis palustris
orchis papilionacea
orchis provincialis
orchis purpurea
orchis simia
orchis spit
orchis tridentata
orchis ustulata
origanum vulgare
orlaya grandiflora
ornithogalum boucheanum
ornithogalum brevistylum
ornithogalum comosum
ornithogalum kochii
ornithogalum nutans
ornithogalum pyrenaicum
ornithogalum umbellatum
orobanche alba
orobanche alsatica
orobanche arenaria
orobanche artemisiae-campestris
orobanche caesia
orobanche caryophyllacea
orobanche coerulescens
orobanche flava
orobanche gracilis
orobanche hederae
orobanche kochii
orobanche lutea
orobanche picridis
orobanche purpurea
orobanche ramosa
orobanche reticulata
orobanche teucrii
orthantha lutea
orthilia secunda
osmunda regalis
ostrya carpinifolia
oxalis acetosella
oxalis articulata
oxalis corniculata
oxalis dillenii
oxalis fontana
oxalis latifolia
oxybaphus nyctagineus
oxycoccus microcarpus
oxycoccus palustris
oxyria digyna
oxytropis campestris
oxytropis carpatica
oxytropis fetida
oxytropis foucaudii
oxytropis halleri
oxytropis jacquinii
oxytropis pilosa
oxytropis podocarpa
oxytropis splendens
oxytropis triflora
paederota bonarota
paeonia anomala
paeonia daurica
paeonia mlokosewitschii
paeonia officinalis
paeonia peregrina
paeonia tenuifolia
paliurus spina-christi
panicum capillare
panicum miliaceum
papaver argemone
papaver aurantiacum
papaver burseri
papaver confine
papaver dahlianum
papaver dubium
papaver ernesti-mayeri
papaver maculosum
papaver radicatum
papaver rhoeas
papaver somniferum
papaver tatricum
paradisea liliastrum
parapholis incurva
parentucellia latifolia
parentucellia viscosa
parietaria judaica
parietaria officinalis
paris quadrifolia
parnassia palustris
paronychia cephalotes
paronychia kapela
parthenocissus inserta
parthenocissus quinquefolia
parthenocissus tricuspidata
pastinaca sativa
pedicularis aspleniifolia
pedicularis comosa
pedicularis elongata
pedicularis exaltata
pedicularis foliosa
pedicularis groenlandica
pedicularis hacquetii
pedicularis hirsuta
pedicularis kerneri
pedicularis labradorica
pedicularis langsdorffii
pedicularis lapponica
pedicularis oederi
pedicularis palustris
pedicularis portenschlagii
pedicularis recutita
pedicularis rosea
pedicularis rostratocapitata
pedicularis rostratospicata
pedicularis sceptrum-carolinum
pedicularis schi
pedicularis sudetica
pedicularis sylvatica
pedicularis verticillata
pediculartis oederi
peltaria emarginata
pennellianthus frutescens
penstemon procerus
peplis portula
persicaria alpina
persicaria amphibia
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria maculosa
persicaria minor
persicaria mitis
petasites albus
petasites doerfleri
petasites hybridus
petasites kablikianus
petasites spurius
petrocallis pyrenaica
petrorhagia prolifera
petrorhagia saxifraga
petroselinum crispum
petrosimonia oppositifolia
peucedanum alsaticum
peucedanum arenarium
peucedanum carvifolia
peucedanum cervaria
peucedanum officinale
peucedanum oreoselinum
peucedanum palustre
peucedanum schottii
phacelia tanacetifolia
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phegopteris connectilis
phelypaea tournefortii
philadelphus coronarius
phleum alpinum
phleum phleoides
phleum pratense
phlomis fruticosa
phlomis tuberosa
pholiurus pannonicus
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phyllitis scolopendrium
phyllodoce aleutica
phyllodoce caerulea
phyllodoce empetriformis
physalis alkekengi
physalis peruviana
physocarpus capitatus
physoplexis comosa
phyteuma 
phyteuma betonicifolium
phyteuma hemisphaericum
phyteuma nigrum
phyteuma orbiculare
phyteuma scheuch
phyteuma spicatum
phyteuma tetramerum
picea abies
picea engelmannii
picea mariana
picea obovata
picea omorika
picris hieracioides
pilularia globulifera
pimpinella major
pimpinella saxifraga
pinellia ternata
pinguicula 
pinguicula alpina
pinguicula leptoceras
pinguicula vulgaris
pinus 
pinus banksiana
pinus brutia
pinus cembra
pinus halepensis
pinus heldreichii
pinus mugo
pinus nigra
pinus peuce
pinus pumila
pinus sibirica
pinus strobus
pinus sylvestris
pinus uncinata
pistacia atlantica
pistacia terebinthus
pistia stratiotes
pisum sativum
plantago afra
plantago albicans
plantago altissima
plantago arenaria
plantago atrata
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
plantago maritima
plantago media
plantago tenuiflora
plantago uliginosa
platanthera bifolia
platanthera dilatata
platanthera hyperborea
platanthera chlorantha
platanthera orbiculata
platanthera stricta
platanus 
platanus orientalis
pleurospermum austriacum
poa angustifolia
poa annua
poa badensis
poa bulbosa
poa compressa
poa granitica
poa chaixii
poa laxa
poa nemoralis
poa palustris
poa pratensis
poa riphaea
poa supina
poa trivialis
polemonium boreale
polemonium caeruleum
polycnemum majus
polygala amara
polygala amarella
polygala comosa
polygala chamaebuxus
polygala major
polygala multicaulis
polygala serpyllifolia
polygala vulgaris
polygonatum latifolium
polygonatum multiflorum
polygonatum odoratum
polygonatum verticillatum
polygonum arenarium
polygonum arenastrum
polygonum maritimum
polygonum rurivagum
polypodium interjectum
polypodium vulgare
polystichum aculeatum
polystichum braunii
polystichum lonchitis
populus alba
populus tremula
populus tremuloides
portulaca oleracea
potamogeton acutifolius
potamogeton alpinus
potamogeton coloratus
potamogeton crispus
potamogeton gramineus
potamogeton lucens
potamogeton natans
potamogeton nodosus
potamogeton obtusifolius
potamogeton pectinatus
potamogeton perfoliatus
potamogeton polygonifolius
potamogeton praelongus
potamogeton richardsonii
potamogeton trichoides
potentilla alba
potentilla anserina
potentilla arenaria
potentilla argentea
potentilla aurea
potentilla brauniana
potentilla caulescens
potentilla clusiana
potentilla erecta
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla gracilis
potentilla grandiflora
potentilla heptaphylla
potentilla inclinata
potentilla micrantha
potentilla nitida
potentilla nivalis
potentilla nivea
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
potentilla recta
potentilla reptans
potentilla rupestris
potentilla sterilis
potentilla supina
potentilla tabernaemontani
potentilla valderia
prenanthes purpurea
primula auricula
primula clusiana
primula elatior
primula farinosa
primula glutinosa
primula halleri
primula hirsuta
primula integrifolia
primula japonica
primula latifolia
primula marginata
primula minima
primula spectabilis
primula veris
primula vulgaris
pritzelago alpina
prunella grandiflora
prunella laciniata
prunella vulgaris
prunus argentea
prunus avium
prunus cerasifera
prunus cerassifera
prunus dulcis
prunus fruticosa
prunus insititia
prunus laurocerasus
prunus mahaleb
prunus padus
prunus pensylvanica
prunus serotina
prunus spinosa
prunus tenella
prunus virginiana
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
pseudolysimachion incanum
pseudolysimachion maritimum
pseudolysimachion orchideum
pseudolysimachion spicatum
pseudolysimachion spurium
pseudorchis albida
pseudorosularia pilosa
pseudorosularia sempervivoides
pteridium aquilinum
pterocarya pterocarpa
pterospora andromedea
puccinellia distans
pulegium vulgare
pulicaria dysenterica
pulmonaria angustifolia
pulmonaria mollis
pulmonaria murinii
pulmonaria obscura
pulmonaria officinalis
pulsatilla 
pulsatilla albana
pulsatilla alpina
pulsatilla grandis
pulsatilla patens
pulsatilla pratensis
pulsatilla slavica
pulsatilla subslavica
pulsatilla vernalis
pulsatilla vulgaris
punica granatum
puschkinia scilloides
pyracantha coccinea
pyrethrum corymbosum
pyrethrum parthenium
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola carpatica
pyrola grandiflora
pyrola chlorantha
pyrola media
pyrola minor
pyrola rotundifolia
pyrus pyraster
quercus cerris
quercus dalechampii
quercus infectoria
quercus pedunculiflora
quercus petraea
quercus pubescens
quercus robur
quercus rubra
radiola linoides
ramonda serbica
ranunculus aconitifolius
ranunculus acris
ranunculus alpestris
ranunculus amplexicaulis
ranunculus arvensis
ranunculus asiaticus
ranunculus breyninus
ranunculus bulbosus
ranunculus carpaticus
ranunculus constantinopolitanus
ranunculus crenatus
ranunculus fallax
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus glacialis
ranunculus hybridus
ranunculus hyperboreus
ranunculus illyricus
ranunculus kuepferi
ranunculus lanuginosus
ranunculus lateriflorus
ranunculus lingua
ranunculus muricatus
ranunculus nivalis
ranunculus ophioglossifolius
ranunculus pedatus
ranunculus platanifolius
ranunculus polyanthemos
ranunculus pseudomontanus
ranunculus pygmaeus
ranunculus repens
ranunculus reptans
ranunculus sceleratus
ranunculus thora
reseda alba
reseda glauca
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
reseda phyteuma
reynoutria 
reynoutria japonica
reynoutria sachalinensis
rhamnus alaternus
rhamnus cathartica
rhamnus saxatilis
rhinanthus glacialis
rhinanthus major
rhinanthus minor
rhinanthus pulcher
rhodiola integrifolia
rhodiola rosea
rhododendron aureum
rhododendron caucasicum
rhododendron ferrugineum
rhododendron hirsutum
rhododendron luteum
rhododendron ponticum
rhodothamnus chamaecistus
rhus glabra
rhus hirta
rhynchospora alba
rhynchospora fusca
ribes alpinum
ribes aureum
ribes petraeum
ribes rubrum
ribes uva-crispa
rindera umbellata
robinia pseudacacia
roemeria hybrida
rorippa amphibia
rorippa austriaca
rorippa palustris
rorippa sylvestris
rosa acicularis
rosa canina
rosa gallica
rosa majalis
rosa multiflora
rosa pendulina
rosa rubiginosa
rosa rugosa
rosa spinosissima
rosa woodsii
rubia peregrina
rubus arcticus
rubus caesius
rubus canescens
rubus dollnensis
rubus gracilis
rubus chamaemorus
rubus kletensis
rubus odoratus
rubus parviflorus
rubus pedatus
rubus saxatilis
rubus spectabilis
rubus ulmifolius
rudbeckia hirta
rudbeckia laciniata
rumex acetosa
rumex acetosella
rumex alpinus
rumex aquaticus
rumex arifolius
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
rumex hydrolapathum
rumex maritimus
rumex obtusifolius
rumex scutatus
rumex stenophyllus
rumex thyrsiflorus
ruscus aculeatus
ruscus hypoglossum
ruta graveolens
sageretia thea
sagina procumbens
sagina saginoides
sagittaria latifolia
sagittaria sagittifolia
salicornia prostrata
salix 
salix alba
salix alpina
salix appendiculata
salix arctophila
salix aurita
salix caprea
salix cinerea
salix daphnoides
salix elaeagnos
salix euxina
salix glauca
salix helvetica
salix herbacea
salix kitaibeliana
salix lapponum
salix myrsinifolia
salix myrtilloides
salix pentandra
salix phylicifolia
salix purpurea
salix repens
salix reticulata
salix retusa
salix rosmarinifolia
salix serpyllifolia
salix silesiaca
salix triandra
salix vestita
salix viminalis
salsola australis
salsola soda
salsola vermiculata
salvia aethiopis
salvia austriaca
salvia glutinosa
salvia nemorosa
salvia nutans
salvia officinalis
salvia pratensis
salvia sclarea
salvia verbenaca
salvia verticillata
salvinia natans
sambucus ebulus
sambucus nigra
sambucus racemosa
samolus valerandi
sanguisorba dodecandra
sanguisorba minor
sanguisorba officinalis
sanicula europaea
sanicula marilandica
saponaria bellidifolia
saponaria ocymoides
saponaria officinalis
saponaria pumila
sarcocornia perennis
satureja hortensis
saussurea alpina
saussurea pygmaea
saxifraga adscendens
saxifraga ai
saxifraga androsacea
saxifraga biflora
saxifraga bryoides
saxifraga bulbifera
saxifraga caesia
saxifraga carpatica
saxifraga cernua
saxifraga cespitosa
saxifraga cotyledon
saxifraga crustata
saxifraga cuneifolia
saxifraga depressa
saxifraga exarata
saxifraga federici-augusti
saxifraga florulenta
saxifraga glabella
saxifraga granulata
saxifraga hieraciifolia
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga marginata
saxifraga moschata
saxifraga mutata
saxifraga nivalis
saxifraga oppositifolia
saxifraga paniculata
saxifraga pedemontana
saxifraga retusa
saxifraga rosacea
saxifraga rotundifolia
saxifraga scardica
saxifraga sempervivum
saxifraga squarrosa
saxifraga stellaris
saxifraga taygetea
saxifraga tricuspidata
saxifraga tridactylites
saxifraga wahlenbergii
scabiosa canescens
scabiosa caucasica
scabiosa cinerea
scabiosa columbaria
scabiosa graminifolia
scabiosa lucida
scabiosa ochroleuca
scandix pecten-veneris
scila bifolia
scilla autumnalis
scilla bifolia
scilla kladnii
scilla luciliae
scilla siberica
scilla vindobonensis
scirpoides holoschoenus
scirpus radicans
scirpus sylvaticus
scleranthus annuus
scleranthus perennis
sclerochloa dura
scolymus hispanicus
scolymus maculatus
scopolia carniolica
scorpiurus muricatus
scorzonera austriaca
scorzonera cana
scorzonera hispanica
scorzonera humilis
scorzonera parviflora
scorzonera psychrophila
scorzonera purpurea
scrophularia canina
scrophularia heterophylla
scrophularia nodosa
scrophularia scopolii
scrophularia umbrosa
scrophularia vernalis
scutellaria alpina
scutellaria altissima
scutellaria baicalensis
scutellaria galericulata
scutellaria hastifolia
scutellaria pinnatifida
secale sylvestre
securigera varia
sedum acre
sedum album
sedum alpestre
sedum annuum
sedum atratum
sedum caespitosum
sedum dasyphyllum
sedum hispanicum
sedum hybridum
sedum magellense
sedum monregalense
sedum ochroleucum
sedum reflexum
sedum rupestre
sedum sexangulare
sedum spurium
sedum villosum
selaginella helvetica
selaginella selaginoides
selinum carvifolia
sempervivum arachnoideum
sempervivum calcareum
sempervivum montanum
sempervivum pittonii
sempervivum tectorum
senecio adonidifolius
senecio aquaticus
senecio carpathicus
senecio doria
senecio doronicum
senecio eremophilus
senecio erraticus
senecio halleri
senecio hercynicus
senecio inaequidens
senecio incanus
senecio jacobaea
senecio ovatus
senecio paludosus
senecio pyrenaicus
senecio rupestris
senecio sarracenicus
senecio subalpinus
senecio sylvaticus
senecio triangularis
senecio umbrosus
senecio vernalis
senecio viscosus
senecio vulgaris
senna italica
serapias cordigera
serapias lingua
serratula lycopifolia
serratula tinctoria
seseli annuum
seseli gracile
seseli hippomarathrum
seseli osseum
sesleria caerulea
sesleria uliginosa
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
shepherdia canadensis
sherardia arvensis
scheuchzeria palustris
schoenoplectus lacustris
schoenoplectus pungens
schoenoplectus supinus
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
schoenus ferrugineus
schoenus nigricans
sibbaldia parviflora
sibbaldia procumbens
sibbaldiopsis tridentata
sideritis montana
silaum silaus
silene 
silene acaulis
silene armeria
silene asterias
silene conica
silene dichotoma
silene dioica
silene gallica
silene latifolia
silene multiflora
silene nemoralis
silene noctiflora
silene nutans
silene otites
silene paradoxa
silene pindicola
silene pusilla
silene uniflora
silene uralensis
silene viscosa
silene vulgaris
silybum marianum
sinapis arvensis
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium loeselii
sisymbrium officinale
sisymbrium orientale
sisyrinchium montanum
sisyrinchium septentrionale
sium latifolium
sium suave
smyrnium perfoliatum
solanum decipiens
solanum dulcamara
solanum incanum
solanum linnaeanum
solanum lycopersicum
solanum nigrum
solanum triflorum
solanum tuberosum
solanum villosum
soldanella alpina
soldanella austriaca
soldanella carpatica
soldanella minima
soldanella montana
soldanella pusilla
solidago canadensis
solidago gigantea
solidago virgaurea
sonchus arvensis
sonchus asper
sonchus oleraceus
sonchus palustris
sorbus albensis
sorbus aria
sorbus aucuparia
sorbus barrandienica
sorbus danubialis
sorbus domestica
sorbus eximia
sorbus gemella
sorbus chamaemespilus
sorbus milensis
sorbus omissa
sorbus portae-bohemicae
sorbus quernea
sorbus sudetica
sorbus torminalis
sparganium emersum
sparganium erectum
sparganium natans
spergula morisonii
spergularia echinosperma
spergularia maritima
spergularia rubra
spergularia salina
spiraea crenata
spiraea chamaedryfolia
spiraea salicifolia
spiranthes aestivalis
spiranthes roman
spiranthes spiralis
spirodela polyrhi
stachys alpina
stachys annua
stachys by
stachys germanica
stachys lavandulifolia
stachys palustris
stachys pilosa
stachys recta
stachys sylvatica
staphylea pinnata
stellaria alsine
stellaria graminea
stellaria holostea
stellaria longifolia
stellaria media
stellaria neglecta
stellaria nemorum
stellaria pallida
stellaria palustris
stellera chamaejasme
sternbergia colchiciflora
sternbergia lutea
stipa borysthenica
stipa capillata
stipa dasyphylla
stipa eriocaulis
stipa pennata
stipa pulcherrima
stipa tirsa
stratiotes aloides
streptopus amplexifolius
stuckenia 
stuckenia pectinata
suaeda pannonica
suaeda prostrata
suaeda vera
succisa pratensis
succisella inflexa
swertia perennis
symphoricarpos albus
symphyotrichum ericoides
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
symphyotrichum novi-belgii
symphytum bohemicum
symphytum cordatum
symphytum officinale
symphytum tanaicense
symphytum tuberosum
syrenia cana
syringa vulgaris
taeniatherum caput-medusae
tagetes patula
tamarix africana
tamarix parviflora
tamarix smyrnensis
tanacetum bipinnatum
tanacetum vulgare
taraxacum bavaricum
taraxacum bessarabicum
taraxacum madidum
taraxacum parnassicum
taraxacum sect
taraxacum serotinum
taraxacum spp
taraxacum subalpinum
taxus baccata
teesdalia nudicaulis
telekia speciosa
tephroseris capitata
tephroseris crispa
tephroseris integrifolia
tephroseris papposa
tetragonolobus maritimus
teucrium botrys
teucrium capitatum
teucrium chamaedrys
teucrium montanum
teucrium scordium
teucrium scorodonia
thalictrum aquilegiifolium
thalictrum fioetidum
thalictrum flavum
thalictrum foetidum
thalictrum lucidum
thalictrum simplex
theligonum cynocrambe
thelypteris palustris
thesium alpinum
thesium arvense
thesium bavarum
thesium dollineri
thesium ebracteatum
thesium linophyllon
thesium pyrenaicum
thesium rostratum
thladiantha dubia
thlaspi arvense
thlaspi caerulescens
thlaspi goesingense
thlaspi jankae
thlaspi lereschianum
thlaspi montanum
thlaspi perfoliatum
thlaspi rotundifolium
thlaspi stylosum
thymelaea passerina
thymus alpestris
thymus glabrescens
thymus pannonicus
thymus praecox
thymus pulegioides
thymus pulcherrimus
thymus serpyllum
thymus teucrioides
tilia cordata
tilia platyphyllos
tillaea aquatica
tofieldia calyculata
tofieldia pusilla
torilis arvensis
torilis japonica
tozzia alpina
tozzia carpathica
tragopogon dubius
tragopogon hybridus
tragopogon orientalis
tragopogon porrifolius
tragopogon pratensis
trachelium caeruleum
trapa natans
traunsteinera globosa
triantha glutinosa
tribulus terrestris
trientalis europaea
trifolium alpestre
trifolium alpinum
trifolium angulatum
trifolium arvense
trifolium aureum
trifolium badium
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium fragiferum
trifolium hybridum
trifolium incarnatum
trifolium medium
trifolium montanum
trifolium ochroleucon
trifolium orbelicum
trifolium pallescens
trifolium pannonicum
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium resupinatum
trifolium retusum
trifolium rubens
trifolium spadiceum
trifolium stellatum
trifolium striatum
triglochin maritima
triglochin palustris
trigonella coerulescens
trichomanes speciosum
trichophorum alpinum
trichophorum cespitosum
trichophorum pumilum
trinia ucrainica
tripleurospermum maritimum
trisetum distichophyllum
trisetum fuscum
trollius altissimus
tuberaria guttata
tussilago farfara
typha laxmannii
ulex europaeus
ulex gallii
ulmus glabra
ulmus minor
umbilicus rupestris
urtica dioica
urtica urens
utricularia intermedia
utricularia minor
vaccaria hispanica
vaccinium caespitosum
vaccinium membranaceum
vaccinium myrtilloides
vaccinium myrtillus
vaccinium ovalifolium
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
valantia aprica
valeriana alliariifolia
valeriana bertiscea
valeriana celtica
valeriana pyrenaica
valeriana saxatilis
veratrum album
veratrum lobelianum
veratrum nigrum
veratrum viride
verbascum densiflorum
verbascum lychnitis
verbascum thapsus
verbena officinalis
veronica alpina
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica grandiflora
veronica chamaedrys
veronica persica
veronica polita
veronica praecox
veronica prostrata
veronica serpyllifolia
veronica verna
viburnum lantana
viburnum opulus
vicia cracca
vicia dumetorum
vicia hirsuta
vicia lathyroides
vicia sylvatica
vicia villosa
vincetoxicum hirundinaria
viola albanica
viola arvensis
viola biflora
viola canina
viola cornuta
viola dacica
viola dukadjinica
viola hirta
viola odorata
viola palustris
viola pumila
viola riviniana
viola tricolor
virga pilosa
virga strigosa
viscum album
willemetia stipitata
wolffia arrhi
woodsia ilvensis
xeranthemum annuum
zannichellia palustris
zigadenus elegans
ziziphora persica
