acacia mearnsii
adiantum philippense
aechmea fasciata
aechmea nudicaulis
aechmea orlandiana
aechmea pineliana
agave americana
ageratum conyzoides
albizia lebbeck
allamanda cathartica
alnus acuminata
aloysia citriodora
alternanthera pungens
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
amaryllis belladonna
amphilophium crucigerum
anacardium occidentale
ananas bracteatus
ananas comosus
anethum graveolens
angelonia gardneri
annona reticulata
apeiba tibourbou
arachis hypogaea
arachis pintoi
araujia sericifera
arctium minus
ardisia elliptica
argemone mexicana
aristolochia gigantea
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asparagus aethiopicus
avicennia germinans
bacopa monnieri
bauhinia monandra
bixa orellana
blechnum penna-marina
boerhavia coccinea
botrychium virginianum
bryophyllum pinnatum
byrsonima crassifolia
caesalpinia gilliesii
caesalpinia pulcherrima
calathea lutea
calliandra brevipes
calliandra haematocephala
calotropis gigantea
canavalia rosea
canna glauca
cardiospermum grandiflorum
carica papaya
cascabela thevetia
cassytha filiformis
cecropia peltata
cedrela odorata
celosia argentea
centropogon cornutus
cerastium glomeratum
cestrum parqui
cichorium intybus
cinnamomum verum
cirsium vulgare
clidemia hirta
clitoria ternatea
cocos nucifera
coffea arabica
cochlospermum vitifolium
colletia paradoxa
colocasia esculenta
conium maculatum
conocarpus erectus
cordia alliodora
cortaderia selloana
crotalaria retusa
cuphea ignea
cyperus eragrostis
cyperus flavescens
cyperus rotundus
datura stramonium
deschampsia cespitosa
desmodium incanum
dicranopteris linearis
digitaria sanguinalis
dodonaea viscosa
duranta erecta
echinochloa crus-galli
echium plantagineum
eichhornia crassipes
eleusine indica
emilia fosbergii
enterolobium cyclocarpum
epidendrum ciliare
epidendrum ibaguense
erechtites hieraciifolius
erigeron karvinskianus
eryngium paniculatum
erythrina crista-galli
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia platyphyllos
euphorbia tirucalli
euphorbia tithymaloides
evolvulus alsinoides
evolvulus glomeratus
fallopia convolvulus
festuca arundinacea
ficus carica
fuchsia boliviana
furcraea foetida
galinsoga parviflora
galinsoga quadriradiata
gomphocarpus physocarpus
gossypium barbadense
guazuma ulmifolia
gunnera manicata
gynerium sagittatum
habranthus tubispathus
handroanthus ochraceus
hatiora salicornioides
heliconia bihai
heliconia psittacorum
heliconia rostrata
heliconia subulata
hippeastrum striatum
hippobroma longiflora
histiopteris incisa
holcus lanatus
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle verticillata
hymenaea courbaril
hymenocallis littoralis
hymenophyllum hirsutum
hymenophyllum polyanthos
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
chamaecrista nictitans
chenopodium album
chenopodium glaucum
chrysobalanus icaco
impatiens walleriana
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea batatas
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea purpurea
ipomoea quamoclit
jacaranda mimosifolia
jasminum fluminense
jatropha curcas
jatropha gossypiifolia
juncus conglomeratus
juncus tenuis
kyllinga nemoralis
lactuca serriola
lagurus ovatus
lamium amplexicaule
lantana camara
lantana montevidensis
leucaena leucocephala
lonicera japonica
lophospermum erubescens
ludwigia octovalvis
lycopodiella cernua
lycopodium clavatum
lychnis coronaria
lythrum hyssopifolia
malvaviscus penduliflorus
mangifera indica
manihot esculenta
matricaria recutita
melia azedarach
mentha aquatica
merremia aegyptia
mimosa pudica
mucuna urens
muntingia calabura
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum spicatum
najas marina
nasturtium officinale
nelumbo nucifera
nertera granadensis
nicandra physalodes
nicotiana glauca
nothoscordum gracile
nymphaea pulchella
oenothera biennis
oenothera glazioviana
orthophytum gurkenii
oxalis articulata
oxalis corniculata
oxalis debilis
oxalis latifolia
pandanus utilis
parkinsonia aculeata
passiflora caerulea
passiflora edulis
passiflora foetida
passiflora vitifolia
peperomia blanda
persea americana
persicaria serrulata
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phleum pratense
phoradendron quadrangulare
phyla nodiflora
phymatosorus scolopendria
physalis peruviana
piper nigrum
pistia stratiotes
platystele oxyglossa
pleopeltis macrocarpa
plumeria rubra
pontederia cordata
portea petropolitana
portulaca grandiflora
portulaca oleracea
potamogeton nodosus
psidium cattleianum
psidium guajava
psilotum nudum
psychopsis papilio
psychotria poeppigiana
pteris vittata
pyrostegia venusta
ranunculus muricatus
rhizophora mangle
ricinus communis
roupala montana
rubus rosifolius
rumex crispus
rumohra adiantiformis
saccharum officinarum
sagittaria lancifolia
salvia coccinea
samolus valerandi
sechium edule
senna italica
senna obtusifolia
senna sophera
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
setaria viridis
schinus molle
schinus terebinthifolia
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
silene armeria
sisymbrium officinale
sisymbrium orientale
solanum mauritianum
solanum tuberosum
sonchus oleraceus
spergularia rubra
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stetsonia coryne
suriana maritima
swietenia macrophylla
symphyotrichum squamatum
syzygium cumini
syzygium jambos
tabebuia rosea
talipariti tiliaceum
tecoma stans
thelypteris dentata
thelypteris interrupta
theobroma cacao
tibouchina heteromalla
tibouchina urvilleana
tillandsia usneoides
tribulus cistoides
tridax procumbens
trifolium campestre
trifolium pratense
trimezia martinicensis
triumfetta rhomboidea
tropaeolum majus
typha domingensis
urena lobata
urtica urens
verbena rigida
veronica arvensis
veronica serpyllifolia
vicia hirsuta
victoria cruziana
vigna luteola
vigna marina
vigna vexillata
vinca major
withania somnifera
wolffia arrhiza
wullschlaegelia aphylla
xanthium spinosum
ximenia americana
zinnia peruviana
