
abelia chinensis
acacia confusa
acacia mearnsii
acorus calamus
adansonia digitata
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum hispidulum
adiantum philippense
aerva javanica
agave americana
ageratina adenophora
ageratina riparia
achyranthes aspera
albizia lebbeck
albizia saman
aldrovanda vesiculosa
aleurites moluccana
alisma plantago-aquatica
allamanda cathartica
alpinia calcarata
alpinia zerumbet
alstonia macrophylla
alternanthera pungens
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
amherstia nobilis
anacardium occidentale
anagallis arvensis
annona muricata
annona reticulata
antigonon leptopus
ardisia crenata
ardisia elliptica
arenaria serpyllifolia
argemone mexicana
artabotrys hexapetalus
arundina graminifolia
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium nidus
asplenium polyodon
asplenium unilaterale
asystasia gangetica
athyrium filix-femina
averrhoa carambola
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
barringtonia asiatica
bauhinia blakeana
bauhinia kockiana
bauhinia monandra
belamcanda chinensis
bidens alba
bletilla formosana
bletilla ochracea
boehmeria penduliflora
boerhavia coccinea
bolboschoenus maritimus
bombax ceiba
brachypodium sylvaticum
broussonetia papyrifera
bruguiera gymnorhiza
bryophyllum pinnatum
buddleja davidii
burmannia oblonga
caesalpinia bonduc
caesalpinia decapetala
caesalpinia pulcherrima
calamagrostis arundinacea
calanthe sylvatica
calliandra surinamensis
calophyllum inophyllum
calotropis gigantea
calotropis procera
calystegia soldanella
camellia sinensis
camphorosma monspeliaca
cananga odorata
canavalia cathartica
canavalia rosea
canna glauca
capparis spinosa
carica papaya
carissa spinarum
carthamus tinctorius
cascabela thevetia
cassia fistula
cassytha filiformis
casuarina equisetifolia
catharanthus roseus
celosia argentea
cerastium holosteoides
ceratophyllum demersum
ceratophyllum submersum
ceratopteris cornuta
ceriops tagal
cicer arietinum
cinnamomum verum
cirrhopetalum lepidum
cissus quadrangularis
cistanche phelypaea
citrus limon
citrus maxima
clerodendrum paniculatum
clerodendrum trichotomum
clidemia hirta
clitoria ternatea
coccinia grandis
cocos nucifera
codiaeum variegatum
coffea arabica
coix lacryma-jobi
colocasia esculenta
colubrina asiatica
cordia subcordata
cordyline fruticosa
corchorus depressus
couroupita guianensis
crinum asiaticum
crossandra infundibuliformis
crotalaria retusa
cucumis sativus
cyperus flavescens
cyperus longus
cyperus michelianus
cyperus rotundus
cypripedium formosanum
cyrtanthus mackenii
cyrtomium falcatum
datura stramonium
dendrobium crumenatum
dendrobium nobile
desmodium incanum
dianella ensifolia
dicranopteris linearis
digitaria sanguinalis
dichrocephala chrysanthemifolia
dillenia indica
dillenia suffruticosa
diospyros kaki
dodonaea viscosa
durio zibethinus
eichhornia crassipes
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis dulcis
elettaria cardamomum
eleusine indica
enterolobium cyclocarpum
equisetum ramosissimum
eriobotrya japonica
eruca sativa
etlingera corneri
etlingera elatior
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia milii
euphorbia tirucalli
evolvulus alsinoides
fallopia aubertii
ficus auriculata
ficus benjamina
ficus carica
ficus microcarpa
ficus religiosa
garcinia mangostana
gardenia carinata
gastrochilus obliquus
gerbera piloselloides
gomphocarpus physocarpus
gossypium barbadense
grewia biloba var. parviflora
guazuma ulmifolia
guettarda speciosa
hedychium coronarium
hedychium gardnerianum
heleochloa schoenoides
helianthus annuus
heliconia bihai
helminthostachys zeylanica
hernandia nymphaeifolia
hevea brasiliensis
hippobroma longiflora
hiptage benghalensis
histiopteris incisa
hoya lacunosa
hoya multiflora
humata repens
huperzia squarrosa
hybanthus enneaspermus
hymenophyllum polyanthos
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hypodematium crenatum
chamaecrista nictitans
cheilocostus speciosus
chenopodium album
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium murale
impatiens balsamina
impatiens flaccida
indigofera heterantha
indigofera tinctoria
intsia bijuga
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea batatas
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea obscura
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea quamoclit
isolepis setacea
jatropha curcas
jatropha podagrica
juncus inflexus
justicia adhatoda
kalanchoe fedtschenkoi
kopsia fruticosa
kyllinga nemoralis
lagenaria siceraria
lagerstroemia indica
lagurus ovatus
lantana camara
leucaena leucocephala
lindernia procumbens
litchi chinensis
lobelia angulata
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera japonica
ludwigia octovalvis
lumnitzera racemosa
lycopodiella cernua
macaranga tanarius
malvaviscus penduliflorus
mangifera indica
manihot esculenta
melaleuca quinquenervia
melanthera biflora
melastoma malabathricum
melia azedarach
memecylon caeruleum
merremia aegyptia
mimosa pudica
misopates orontium
morinda citrifolia
murraya koenigii
murraya paniculata
musa acuminata
myosotis discolor
myriophyllum aquaticum
myristica fragrans
najas marina
najas minor
nelumbo nucifera
nepenthes ampullaria
nephrolepis abrupta
nicandra physalodes
nothotsuga longibracteata
nymphaea nouchali
nymphoides hydrophylla
nypa fruticans
ochrosia oppositifolia
opuntia ficus-indica
origanum vulgare
oryza sativa
osbeckia rubicunda
osyris lanceolata
oxalis corniculata
oxalis debilis
pandanus utilis
parietaria judaica
parochetus communis
passiflora caerulea
passiflora edulis
passiflora foetida
passiflora tarminiana
pellaea calomelanos
pemphis acidula
peperomia blanda
persicaria capitata
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria serrulata
phaius tankervilleae
phalaenopsis parishii
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phymatosorus scolopendria
physalis peruviana
pinellia ternata
pinus anemophila
pinus dalatensis
pinus fenzeliana
pinus krempfii
pinus massoniana
pinus wangii
pinus wangii subsp. kwangtungensis
piper nigrum
pipturus argenteus
pisonia grandis
pistia stratiotes
pittosporum tobira
planchonella obovata
plumeria rubra
polygonum arenastrum
potamogeton nodosus
potentilla supina
pseuderanthemum graciliflorum
psilotum nudum
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
pteroceltis tatarinowii
pyrostegia venusta
rhizophora mucronata
rhododendron arboreum
rhodomyrtus tomentosa
rosa laevigata
rosa multiflora
rubus rosifolius
ruellia patula
rumex acetosella
rumohra adiantiformis
saccharum officinarum
sageretia thea
salvia coccinea
sandoricum koetjape
saraca thaipingensis
scaevola taccada
sechium edule
senna bicapsularis
senna didymobotrya
senna italica
senna obtusifolia
senna sophera
senna surattensis
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
smilax aspera
solanum nigrum
sonneratia alba
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
staphylea holocarpa
striga asiatica
stuckenia pectinata
styrax japonica
suriana maritima
syringodium isoetifolium
syzygium aromaticum
syzygium cumini
syzygium malaccense
tacca leontopetaloides
talipariti tiliaceum
tamarindus indica
tamarix aphylla
taraxacum sect
tectona grandis
terminalia catappa
thalassia hemprichii
thalassodendron ciliatum
thelypteris dentata
thelypteris interrupta
theobroma cacao
thespesia populnea
thunbergia alata
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
thunbergia laurifolia
torenia fournieri
tournefortia argentea
trachelospermum jasminoides
tribulus terrestris
tridax procumbens
trichomanes cupressoides
typha domingensis
ulex europaeus
urena lobata
vanilla planifolia
verbena officinalis
vicia sativa
vigna marina
vigna vexillata
vitex negundo
vitex trifolia
withania somnifera
ximenia americana
xylocarpus granatum
xylocarpus moluccensis
