abelia chinensis
abies holophylla
abies homolepis
abies koreana
abies nephrolepis
abies spectabilis
abies veitchii
acacia confusa
acacia mearnsii
acer cappadocicum
acer carpinifolium
acer ginnala
acorus calamus
actinidia kolomikta
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum pedatum
adiantum philippense
adoxa moschatellina
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
achillea alpina
achyranthes aspera
ailanthus altissima
akebia quinata
albizia julibrissin
albizia lebbeck
alcea rosea
aldrovanda vesiculosa
aleurites moluccana
alisma plantago-aquatica
allium strictum
allium victorialis
alnus incana
alopecurus pratensis
alpinia calcarata
alpinia zerumbet
amaranthus caudatus
anagallis arvensis
andromeda polifolia
androsace lehmanniana
androsace tapete
androsace villosa
anemone hupehensis
anemone sylvestris
anogramma leptophylla
antennaria dioica
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus sylvestris
aquilegia viridiflora
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis glabra
arabis hirsuta
aralia elata
arctium lappa
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctous ruber
ardisia crenata
arenaria bryophylla
arenaria serpyllifolia
artemisia frigida
artemisia scoparia
aruncus vulgaris
arundina graminifolia
arundo donax
asarum magnificum
asplenium ruta-muraria
asplenium trichomanes
asplenium unilaterale
asplenium viride
athyrium distentifolium
athyrium filix-femina
atriplex littoralis
avenella flexuosa
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
barbarea stricta
barringtonia asiatica
batrachium aquatile
batrachium rionii
batrachium trichophyllum
belamcanda chinensis
bergenia crassifolia
berteroa incana
betula humilis
betula pendula
bidens radiata
bidens tripartita
blechnum spicant
bletilla formosana
bletilla ochracea
bletilla striata
bolboschoenus planiculmis
bolboschoenus yagara
bothriochloa ischaemum
botrychium multifidum
botrychium virginianum
brachypodium sylvaticum
bromus inermis
bromus japonicus
bromus secalinus
broussonetia papyrifera
bruguiera gymnorhiza
bryophyllum pinnatum
buddleja davidii
bunias orientalis
caesalpinia bonduc
caesalpinia decapetala
cakile edentula
calamagrostis arundinacea
calamagrostis epigejos
calamagrostis pseudophragmites
calanthe sylvatica
calla palustris
callitriche palustris
caltha palustris
calypso bulbosa
calystegia soldanella
camelina sativa
camellia sinensis
campanula lasiocarpa
campanula punctata
canavalia cathartica
canavalia rosea
cannabis sativa
capsella bursa-pastoris
caragana arborescens
caragana jubata
cardamine impatiens
cardaminopsis halleri
carduus crispus
carex atrata
carex canescens
carex capillaris
carex cespitosa
carex diandra
carex disticha
carex humilis
carex lachenalii
carex lasiocarpa
carex limosa
carex loliacea
carex macrocephala
carex magellanica
carex mertensii
carex rariflora
carex rupestris
carex saxatilis
carex spicata
carex vesicaria
carex viridula
carthamus tinctorius
cassia fistula
cassytha filiformis
cathaya argyrophylla
caulophyllum robustum
celosia argentea
cerastium arvense
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium holosteoides
cerastium semidecandrum
ceratophyllum demersum
cercidiphyllum japonicum
ceriops tagal
cicuta virosa
cirsium arvense
citrus limon
clerodendrum paniculatum
clerodendrum trichotomum
coccinia grandis
coix lacryma-jobi
coleanthus subtilis
colubrina asiatica
commelina communis
convolvulus arvensis
coptis trifolia
corallorhiza trifida
coriandrum sativum
cornus canadensis
cornus kousa
cornus suecica
cotinus coggygria
cotoneaster laxiflorus
cotula coronopifolia
crotalaria retusa
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cryptomeria japonica
cuscuta europaea
cycas revoluta
cynanchum acutum
cynodon dactylon
cynoglossum amabile
cynoglossum officinale
cyperus glomeratus
cyperus michelianus
cyperus rotundus
cypripedium flavum
cypripedium formosanum
cypripedium guttatum
cypripedium japonicum
cypripedium macranthon
cypripedium smithii
cypripedium tibeticum
cypripedium wardii
cypripedium yunnanense
cyrtomium falcatum
cystopteris fragilis
cystopteris sudetica
dactylis glomerata
daucus carota
davidia involucrata
delphinium brunonianum
dendranthema zawadskii
dendrobium crumenatum
dendrobium nobile
descurainia sophia
deschampsia cespitosa
dianella ensifolia
dianthus barbatus
dianthus superbus
diapensia lapponica
dicentra spectabilis
dicranopteris linearis
dichrocephala chrysanthemifolia
diospyros kaki
diphasiastrum alpinum
diphasiastrum complanatum
diplotaxis muralis
dodonaea viscosa
draba nemorosa
drosera rotundifolia
dryopteris filix-mas
duchesnea indica
elatine alsinastrum
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis palustris
eleocharis uniglumis
eleusine indica
elymus caninus
elyna myosuroides
elytrigia repens
emilia fosbergii
empetrum nigrum
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium montanum
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
epimedium davidii
epimedium diphyllum
epimedium grandiflorum
epipactis helleborine
epipogium aphyllum
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum ramosissimum
equisetum sylvaticum
equisetum telmateia
equisetum variegatum
erechtites hieraciifolius
erigeron annuus
eriobotrya japonica
eriophorum vaginatum
erodium cicutarium
erysimum hieraciifolium
erysimum cheiranthoides
euphorbia esula
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia hirta
fagopyrum esculentum
fagus engleriana
fallopia aubertii
fallopia convolvulus
fallopia dumetorum
festuca arundinacea
festuca ovina
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
ficus auriculata
ficus microcarpa
filipendula kamtschatica
forsythia suspensa
fragaria vesca
galeopsis bifida
galinsoga parviflora
galium aparine
galium boreale
galium odoratum
galium spurium
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
galium verum
garcinia mangostana
gastrochilus obliquus
gentiana glauca
gentiana macrophylla
gentiana tibetica
geranium dissectum
geranium molle
geranium robertianum
gerbera piloselloides
ginkgo biloba
glaucidium palmatum
glaux maritima
gliricidia sepium
glyceria maxima
glycine max
gnaphalium sylvaticum
gnaphalium uliginosum
grewia biloba
gymnadenia conopsea
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
hedychium coronarium
hedychium gardnerianum
hedysarum alpinum
heleochloa schoenoides
helleborus thibetanus
helminthostachys zeylanica
hemerocallis fulva
hemiptelea davidii
heracleum lanatum
herminium monorchis
hernandia nymphaeifolia
hibiscus rosa-sinensis
hibiscus syriacus
hibiscus trionum
hieracium aurantiacum
hieracium umbellatum
hierochloe odorata
hippuris vulgaris
hiptage benghalensis
histiopteris incisa
honckenya peploides
hordeum jubatum
houttuynia cordata
humata repens
huperzia squarrosa
hybanthus enneaspermus
hydrangea macrophylla
hydrangea paniculata
hydrangea petiolaris
hydrocotyle verticillata
hylomecon japonica
hypodematium crenatum
hypoestes triflora
chaenomeles speciosa
cheilocostus speciosus
chelidonium majus
chenopodium album
chenopodium botrys
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium pumilio
chenopodium strictum
chenopodium suecicum
chimonanthus praecox
impatiens balsamina
impatiens glandulifera
impatiens noli-tangere
indigofera heterantha
inula britannica
inula salicina
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea batatas
ipomoea obscura
iris lactea
isoetes lacustris
iva xanthiifolia
jasminum nudiflorum
jeffersonia dubia
juncus alpinoarticulatus
juncus bufonius
juncus effusus
juncus filiformis
juncus inflexus
juncus tenuis
kerria japonica
knautia arvensis
koeleria macrantha
koelreuteria paniculata
kochia scoparia
kolkwitzia amabilis
lactuca tatarica
lagerstroemia indica
lantana montevidensis
lappula squarrosa
larix sibirica
lastrea limbosperma
lathyrus japonicus
lathyrus palustris
lathyrus pratensis
ledum palustre
leersia oryzoides
lemna trisulca
leontopodium stracheyi
lepidium densiflorum
lepidium ruderale
leucaena leucocephala
leycesteria formosa
leymus mollis
ligularia sibirica
ligustrum lucidum
ligustrum ovalifolium
lilium henryi
limosella aquatica
linaria vulgaris
lindernia procumbens
linum usitatissimum
lithospermum arvense
litchi chinensis
lobelia angulata
lobularia maritima
loiseleuria procumbens
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera caerulea
lonicera japonica
lonicera maackii
lotus corniculatus
ludwigia octovalvis
lumnitzera racemosa
luzula multiflora
luzula pallescens
lycium barbarum
lycopodium annotinum
lycopodium clavatum
lysimachia nummularia
lysimachia vulgaris
lythrum salicaria
macaranga tanarius
maddenia hypoleuca
magnolia kobus
maianthemum bifolium
maianthemum dilatatum
malva pusilla
malva sylvestris
mangifera indica
marsilea quadrifolia
matricaria discoidea
matteuccia struthiopteris
meconopsis betonicifolia
medicago arborea
medicago lupulina
medicago minima
melanthera biflora
melilotus dentatus
menyanthes trifoliata
metasequoia glyptostroboides
microbiota decussata
milium effusum
mitella nuda
moneses uniflora
monotropa hypopitys
monotropa uniflora
montia fontana
morinda citrifolia
murraya koenigii
murraya paniculata
myosotis caespitosa
myosoton aquaticum
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum verticillatum
myrsine africana
najas marina
najas minor
narcissus tazetta
nelumbo nucifera
nepeta cataria
nephrophyllidium crista-galli
neslia paniculata
nicotiana rustica
nothotsuga longibracteata
nuphar pumila
nymphaea nouchali
nymphoides peltata
nypa fruticans
ocimum basilicum
oenothera biennis
oenothera glazioviana
oenothera rosea
ophioglossum vulgatum
origanum vulgare
orixa japonica
orobanche caryophyllacea
orobanche coerulescens
orthilia secunda
oryza sativa
osteomeles anthyllidifolia
osyris lanceolata
oxalis acetosella
oxalis corniculata
oxalis debilis
oxalis fontana
oxycoccus microcarpus
oxycoccus palustris
oxyria digyna
paeonia delavayi
paeonia lactiflora
paeonia mairei
paeonia ostii
paeonia rockii
paeonia suffruticosa
pandanus tectorius
panicum miliaceum
parnassia palustris
parthenocissus tricuspidata
paulownia tomentosa
pedicularis labradorica
pedicularis longiflora
pedicularis sceptrum-carolinum
pemphis acidula
pennellianthus frutescens
peperomia blanda
persicaria alpina
persicaria amphibia
persicaria capitata
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria minor
petasites japonicus
phaius tankervilleae
phalaenopsis parishii
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phegopteris connectilis
phellodendron amurense
phleum alpinum
phleum pratense
phlomis tuberosa
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phyllitis scolopendrium
phyllodoce aleutica
phyllodoce caerulea
phymatosorus scolopendria
phytolacca esculenta
picris hieracioides
pinellia ternata
pinus amamiana
pinus bungeana
pinus cembra
pinus dabeshanensis
pinus densiflora
pinus fragilissima
pinus koraiensis
pinus luchuensis
pinus massoniana
pinus morrisonicola
pinus pumila
pinus roxburghii
pinus squamata
pinus sylvestris
pinus wallichiana
pinus wangii
pinus yunnanensis
pisonia grandis
pistia stratiotes
pisum sativum
pittosporum tobira
planchonella obovata
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
plantago ovata
platanthera hyperborea
platanthera chlorantha
pleopeltis macrocarpa
poa angustifolia
poa annua
poa palustris
poa pratensis
poa supina
poa trivialis
podophyllum hexandrum
polygonatum multiflorum
polygonum arenastrum
polygonum rurivagum
polypodium vulgare
polystichum aculeatum
polystichum braunii
poncirus trifoliata
populus tremula
potamogeton gramineus
potamogeton natans
potamogeton praelongus
potamogeton richardsonii
potentilla anserina
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
potentilla supina
primula capitata
primula denticulata
primula japonica
prunella vulgaris
prunus dulcis
prunus padus
prunus serrulata
psilotum nudum
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
pteroceltis tatarinowii
puccinellia distans
pulsatilla patens
pyrethrum corymbosum
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola rotundifolia
ranunculus reptans
ranzania japonica
reineckea carnea
reseda lutea
reynoutria japonica
reynoutria sachalinensis
rhizophora mucronata
rhodiola rosea
rhododendron arboreum
rhododendron aureum
rhodomyrtus tomentosa
ribes rubrum
rodgersia pinnata
rodgersia podophylla
rodgersia tabularis
rohdea japonica
rorippa palustris
rosa acicularis
rosa hugonis
rosa laevigata
rosa multiflora
rosa rugosa
rubus arcticus
rubus pedatus
rubus rosifolius
rubus saxatilis
rudbeckia laciniata
rumex acetosa
rumex acetosella
rumex aquaticus
rumex crispus
rumex obtusifolius
rumex stenophyllus
rumohra adiantiformis
sageretia thea
sagina procumbens
salix glauca
salix viminalis
salsola soda
salvinia natans
sambucus racemosa
samolus valerandi
sanguisorba officinalis
sanguisorba tenuifolia
saponaria officinalis
saussurea medusa
saxifraga cernua
saxifraga hirculus
scaevola taccada
scirpus radicans
scorzonera austriaca
scutellaria baicalensis
sechium edule
selaginella helvetica
selaginella selaginoides
senecio vulgaris
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
scheuchzeria palustris
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
silene vulgaris
sinocalycanthus sinensis
sinowilsonia henryi
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium officinale
sisymbrium orientale
sium suave
smilax aspera
solanum nigrum
solanum tuberosum
solidago gigantea
solidago virgaurea
sonchus oleraceus
sophora davidii
sophora japonica
sparganium emersum
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
spiraea chamaedryfolia
spiraea japonica
spiraea salicifolia
stachys byzantina
stachys palustris
staphylea holocarpa
stellaria longifolia
stellaria neglecta
stellaria pallida
stellera chamaejasme
striga asiatica
stuckenia pectinata
stylophorum lasiocarpum
styrax japonica
styrax obassia
suriana maritima
symphyotrichum squamatum
syringodium isoetifolium
syzygium malaccense
talipariti tiliaceum
tamarix laxa
taraxacum sect
tectona grandis
tephroseris integrifolia
thalassia hemprichii
thalictrum simplex
thelypteris palustris
thespesia populnea
thladiantha dubia
thunbergia fragrans
tillaea aquatica
tillaea schimperi
torilis arvensis
torilis japonica
trachelospermum jasminoides
trautvetteria caroliniensis
tribulus terrestris
trientalis europaea
trifolium aureum
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
triglochin maritima
triglochin palustris
trichomanes cupressoides
trichophorum alpinum
tripleurospermum inodorum
typha laxmannii
ulex europaeus
urena lobata
utricularia australis
utricularia intermedia
utricularia ochroleuca
utricularia vulgaris
vaccaria hispanica
vaccinium ovalifolium
vaccinium uliginosum
vaccinium vitis-idaea
veratrum album
veratrum nigrum
verbascum thapsus
verbena officinalis
verbena rigida
veronica grandiflora
veronica peregrina
veronica polita
viburnum farreri
viburnum rhytidophyllum
vicia angustifolia
vicia cracca
vicia hirsuta
vicia lutea
vicia sativa
vicia sepium
vicia tetrasperma
vigna luteola
vigna marina
vinca minor
viola biflora
viola collina
viola epipsila
viola mirabilis
viola rupestris
vitex negundo
vitex trifolia
weigela florida
wisteria sinensis
wolffia arrhiza
xanthium albinum
xanthoceras sorbifolium
zannichellia palustris
ziziphus jujuba
