abutilon mauritianum
acacia karroo
acokanthera oblongifolia
adansonia digitata
adenium obesum
afzelia quanzensis
agapanthus praecox
ageratina riparia
aleurites moluccana
allamanda cathartica
aloe ferox
anacardium occidentale
anisodontea scabrosa
antigonon leptopus
aptenia cordifolia
arctotheca populifolia
argemone mexicana
asclepias curassavica
asparagus aethiopicus
asplenium anisophyllum
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
ballota africana
barleria repens
barringtonia asiatica
blechnum capense
blechnum punctulatum
boerhavia coccinea
bruguiera gymnorhiza
bulbine frutescens
burchellia bubalina
calodendrum capense
calophyllum inophyllum
canavalia cathartica
canavalia rosea
carissa macrocarpa
casuarina equisetifolia
catha edulis
ceratopteris cornuta
ceriops tagal
cheilanthes hirta
cheilanthes quadripinnata
chrysanthemoides monilifera
clutia abyssinica
coccinia grandis
cocos nucifera
colubrina asiatica
combretum kraussii
commelina africana
cordia subcordata
cotula coronopifolia
cotula hispida
crassula multicava
crassula orbicularis
crassula ovata
crinum asiaticum
cunonia capensis
cussonia spicata
cussonia thyrsiflora
cyathea capensis
cyathea dregei
cynodon dactylon
cyrtanthus mackenii
delonix regia
desmodium incanum
dietes grandiflora
dietes iridioides
diospyros dichrophylla
dodonaea viscosa
eleusine indica
encephalartos aemulans
encephalartos altensteinii
encephalartos caffer
encephalartos latifrons
encephalartos lebomboensis
encephalartos lehmannii
encephalartos longifolius
encephalartos princeps
encephalartos trispinosus
encephalartos woodii
erica cerinthoides
erica copiosa
erica drakensbergensis
erica oatesii
eulophia livingstoneana
euphorbia mauritanica
geranium incanum
gladiolus dalenii
gleichenia polypodioides
gleichenia umbraculifera
gomphocarpus physocarpus
grewia occidentalis
grewia robusta
guettarda speciosa
halleria lucida
helichrysum adenocarpum
heterotis rotundifolia
hibiscus calyphyllus
hibiscus schizopetalus
histiopteris incisa
hybanthus enneaspermus
hydrocotyle verticillata
hygrophila schulli
hyobanche sanguinea
hyphaene compressa
hypoestes triflora
hypoxis angustifolia
intsia bijuga
ipomoea pes-caprae
ixia orientalis
jamesbrittenia microphylla
keetia zanzibarica
kigelia africana
knowltonia vesicatoria
kyllinga nemoralis
lemna minor
leonotis leonurus
leonotis ocymifolia
lepisorus schraderi
lessertia frutescens
leucaena leucocephala
leucas capensis
leucospermum cuneiforme
ludwigia octovalvis
lumnitzera racemosa
mangifera indica
manihot esculenta
maytenus procumbens
melanthera biflora
melianthus major
momordica foetida
montinia caryophyllacea
moquiniella rubra
moraea polystachya
myrsine africana
najas marina
nuxia floribunda
nylandtia spinosa
ochna thomasiana
ocotea bullata
osyris lanceolata
paraserianthes lophantha
pelargonium capitatum
pelargonium peltatum
pellaea calomelanos
pemphis acidula
phoenix reclinata
phragmites australis
pleopeltis macrocarpa
plumbago auriculata
plumeria rubra
podranea ricasoliana
polygala myrtifolia
portulacaria afra
pterocelastrus tricuspidatus
ptisana fraxinea
ranunculus multifidus
rapanea melanophloeos
raphia farinifera
rhigozum obovatum
rhizophora mucronata
rhoicissus revoilii
ricinus communis
rotheca myricoides
rumex crispus
salvia africana-lutea
samolus valerandi
scaevola taccada
searsia crenata
searsia glauca
senecio elegans
sesuvium portulacastrum
sideroxylon inerme
silene primuliflora
sonneratia alba
sparmannia ricinocarpa
sphagneticola trilobata
stachys aethiopica
sterculia africana
strelitzia nicolai
strelitzia reginae
stuckenia pectinata
suaeda monoica
suriana maritima
syringodium isoetifolium
talipariti tiliaceum
tamarindus indica
tarchonanthus camphoratus
tecoma capensis
terminalia catappa
tetracera boiviniana
thalassia hemprichii
thalassodendron ciliatum
thespesia populnea
todea barbara
tribulus cistoides
tritonia securigera
typhonodorum lindleyanum
ursinia nana
vigna luteola
vigna marina
viscum capense
viscum obscurum
widdringtonia nodiflora
xylocarpus granatum
xylocarpus moluccensis
zantedeschia aethiopica
zehneria scabra
zygophyllum simplex
