abutilon mauritianum
achyranthes aspera
adiantum capillus-veneris
aerva javanica
afzelia quanzensis
agrocharis melanantha
alchemilla fischeri
argemone mexicana
arthropteris orientalis
avicennia germinans
bacopa monnieri
barleria oenotheroides
blighia sapida
boerhavia coccinea
bombax ceiba
brillantaisia owariensis
brucea antidysenterica
calotropis procera
canavalia rosea
carduus nyassanus
carissa spinarum
catha edulis
cecropia peltata
cerastium octandrum
ceratophyllum demersum
chamaecrista nictitans
clematis simensis
clinopodium simense
coccinia grandis
commelina africana
conocarpus erectus
cordia africana
cyathea dregei
cynoglossum amplifolium
cynoglossum coeruleum
delphinium dasycaulon
deschampsia cespitosa
desmodium incanum
dichrocephala chrysanthemifolia
dicranopteris linearis
dipsacus pinnatifidus
elaeis guineensis
eleocharis dulcis
eleusine indica
emilia coccinea
erica silvatica
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia schimperiana
festuca abyssinica
garcinia mangostana
geranium arabicum
gerbera piloselloides
gladiolus dalenii
gliricidia sepium
guizotia scabra
hedbergia abyssinica
helictotrichon elongatum
hesperantha petitiana
heterotis rotundifolia
hevea brasiliensis
hibiscus macranthus
histiopteris incisa
huperzia ophioglossoides
hybanthus enneaspermus
hygrophila schulli
hypericum revolutum
hypoestes triflora
hypoxis angustifolia
impatiens niamniamensis
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea quamoclit
jasminum fluminense
justicia ladanoides
kanahia laniflora
keetia zanzibarica
kigelia africana
kyllinga nemoralis
leucaena leucocephala
lobelia columnaris
micromeria imbricata
mimosa pudica
momordica foetida
nuxia floribunda
nypa fruticans
ochna thomasiana
phoenix reclinata
plectranthus punctatus
pleopeltis macrocarpa
polygala lancifolia
pseudomussaenda flava
ptisana fraxinea
ranunculus multifidus
raphia farinifera
rhizophora mangle
rhoicissus revoilii
sagina abyssinica
samolus valerandi
schefflera abyssinica
senna bicapsularis
senna didymobotrya
sesuvium portulacastrum
smilax aspera
sorghum bicolor
spathodea campanulata
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
striga gesnerioides
swertia abyssinica
tacca leontopetaloides
tamarindus indica
terminalia catappa
terminalia schimperiana
thespesia populnea
trichomanes cupressoides
umbilicus botryoides
vigna luteola
vigna marina
viola abyssinica
viscum triflorum
wahlenbergia silenoides
withania somnifera
wolffia arrhiza
ximenia americana
zehneria scabra
zygophyllum waterlotii
