abies amabilis
abies concolor
abies grandis
abies lasiocarpa
abies procera
abronia latifolia
acacia retinodes
acaena novae-zelandiae
acanthocereus tetragonus
acer circinatum
acer glabrum
acer macrophyllum
acer negundo
achillea filipendulina
achlys triphylla
actaea rubra
agave americana
agave attenuata
agave chrysantha
ageratina adenophora
agoseris aurantiaca
agrostemma githago
agrostis stolonifera
allium cernuum
allium paniculatum
alnus acuminata
alnus incana
alnus rubra
alnus sinuata
alyssum alyssoides
ambrosia artemisiifolia
ambrosia chamissonis
amerosedum lanceolatum
amorpha fruticosa
anemone canadensis
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
apocynum androsaemifolium
aponogeton distachyos
aquilegia formosa
arabis hirsuta
arbutus menziesii
arceuthobium americanum
arctostaphylos columbiana
arctostaphylos patula
arenaria serpyllifolia
argemone ochroleuca
argemone pleiacantha
arnica cordifolia
artemisia frigida
artemisia ludoviciana
artemisia tridentata
arundo donax
asarum caudatum
asclepias curassavica
asclepias speciosa
asphodelus fistulosus
asplenium trichomanes
atriplex patula
atriplex rosea
avena fatua
avenella flexuosa
avicennia germinans
bacopa monnieri
bartsia trixago
batrachium aquatile
beaucarnea recurvata
bidens ferulifolia
boechera lyallii
boerhavia coccinea
bolboschoenus maritimus
botrychium minganense
bouteloua gracilis
brahea armata
brickellia grandiflora
brodiaea coronaria
bursera simaruba
cakile edentula
callitriche palustris
calochortus macrocarpus
calotropis procera
caltha leptosepala
calystegia soldanella
cannabis sativa
carduus nutans
carex arctogena
carex aurea
carex capitata
carex filifolia
carex ovalis
carnegiea gigantea
carya ovata
castilleja miniata
castilleja occidentalis
casuarina cunninghamiana
celtis australis
centaurea cyanus
centaurea diffusa
centaurea melitensis
centranthus ruber
ceratophyllum demersum
cercis canadensis
chenopodium capitatum
chrysanthemoides monilifera
chrysothamnus viscidiflorus
cicuta douglasii
cicuta maculata
cirsium brevistylum
cirsium subcoriaceum
cirsium undulatum
cirsium vulgare
claytonia lanceolata
clematis ligusticifolia
cleome lutea
clethra lanata
clintonia uniflora
cogswellia macrocarpa
cogswellia nudicaulis
collomia linearis
conyza canadensis
corallorhiza maculata
corallorhiza mertensiana
corallorhiza striata
cordia alliodora
coriandrum sativum
cornus sericea
corydalis aurea
cosmos bipinnatus
cotula coronopifolia
cotyledon orbiculata
crataegus douglasii
crescentia alata
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cuscuta approximata
cuscuta epithymum
cycloloma atriplicifolium
cylindropuntia bigelovii
cylindropuntia imbricata
cypripedium parviflorum
cystopteris bulbifera
cystopteris fragilis
dactylis glomerata
dalea purpurea
darmera peltata
dasylirion wheeleri
datura stramonium
delphinium nuttallianum
deschampsia cespitosa
descurainia sophia
dieteria canescens
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dodecatheon jeffreyi
dracunculus vulgaris
echinocactus grusonii
echinocereus arizonicus
echinocereus coccineus
echinocereus rigidissimus
eleocharis acicularis
eleusine indica
elytrigia intermedia
epilobium ciliatum
equisetum arvense
equisetum telmateia
erechtites hieraciifolius
ericameria nauseosa
erigeron compositus
erigeron karvinskianus
eriogonum flavum
eriogonum heracleoides
eriogonum umbellatum
eriophyllum lanatum
erophila verna
erythrina flabelliformis
erythronium grandiflorum
eschscholzia californica
euclidium syriacum
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia radians
evolvulus alsinoides
fallopia convolvulus
festuca rubra
fouquieria columnaris
fouquieria splendens
fragaria virginiana
frasera speciosa
fumaria capreolata
galinsoga parviflora
galinsoga quadriradiata
galphimia gracilis
gaultheria shallon
gaura coccinea
gentiana calycosa
gentiana sceptrum
geranium molle
geranium richardsonii
glandularia bipinnatifida
gliricidia sepium
glycyrrhiza lepidota
grindelia squarrosa
gutierrezia sarothrae
helianthemum glomeratum
helianthus annuus
helianthus nuttallii
heracleum lanatum
herniaria hirsuta
hesperoyucca whipplei
heterotheca villosa
hippuris vulgaris
holodiscus discolor
hordeum jubatum
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle verticillata
hymenoxys richardsonii
hypericum canariense
ipomoea quamoclit
ipomopsis aggregata
iris missouriensis
iva xanthiifolia
juncus mertensianus
juniperus scopulorum
kalmia microphylla
lantana montevidensis
larrea tridentata
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
leonotis leonurus
lepidium densiflorum
leucophyllum frutescens
lewisia pygmaea
lewisia rediviva
leymus mollis
liatris punctata
ligustrum ovalifolium
lilium columbianum
limosella aquatica
linum usitatissimum
listera convallarioides
lithospermum incisum
lithospermum ruderale
lobelia laxiflora
lolium perenne
lonicera involucrata
lonicera ledebourii
lupinus arboreus
lupinus polyphyllus
lupinus sericeus
lygodesmia juncea
lythrum salicaria
mahonia aquifolium
maianthemum racemosum
maianthemum stellatum
malva neglecta
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
matricaria recutita
menyanthes trifoliata
menziesia ferruginea
mimulus guttatus
mimulus langsdorffii
mirabilis linearis
mitella breweri
monarda fistulosa
montia parvifolia
moraea polystachya
myoporum laetum
myosotis sylvatica
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum hippuroides
najas marina
narcissus tazetta
nepeta cataria
nuphar lutea
nuphar polysepala
oenanthe sarmentosa
oenothera pallida
oenothera rosea
olneya tesota
opuntia ficus-indica
opuntia polyacantha
oxalis corniculata
oxalis pes-caprae
oxalis radicosa
oxybaphus nyctagineus
oxyria digyna
pachycereus pringlei
panicum capillare
paraserianthes lophantha
paronychia sessiliflora
pedicularis bracteosa
pedicularis contorta
pedicularis racemosa
pelargonium peltatum
persicaria amphibia
phacelia hastata
phacelia tanacetifolia
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phleum pratense
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phyllodoce empetriformis
phyllospadix scouleri
physocarpus capitatus
phytolacca icosandra
picea engelmannii
picea sitchensis
pinus albicaulis
pinus cembroides
pinus contorta
pinus coulteri
pinus culminicola
pinus devoniana
pinus hartwegii
pinus lumholtzii
pinus maximartinezii
pinus nelsonii
pinus pinceana
pinus ponderosa
pinus praetermissa
pinus pseudostrobus
pinus rzedowskii
plantago ovata
platanthera stricta
polypodium scouleri
populus tremuloides
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla norvegica
prosartes trachycarpa
prosopis velutina
prunus virginiana
pseudotsuga menziesii
ptelea trifoliata
pterospora andromedea
pulsatilla occidentalis
purshia tridentata
pyrola asarifolia
pyrrocoma lanceolata
quercus garryana
ratibida columnifera
rhizophora mangle
rhus glabra
ribes cereum
robinia pseudacacia
rosa nutkana
rosa woodsii
rubus parviflorus
rubus spectabilis
rubus ulmifolius
rudbeckia hirta
rumex aquaticus
rumex crispus
ruta chalepensis
sagittaria lancifolia
salix exigua
salsola vermiculata
salvia leucantha
sambucus nigra
selaginella wallacei
senecio elegans
senecio eremophilus
senecio triangularis
senna didymobotrya
shepherdia canadensis
silene armeria
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium orientale
sium suave
smelowskia americana
solidago missouriensis
sphaeralcea coccinea
spiranthes romanzoffiana
sprekelia formosissima
stachys chamissonis
stachys pilosa
stellaria neglecta
stellaria pallida
stenocereus thurberi
symphoricarpos albus
symphyotrichum ericoides
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
tagetes patula
thuja plicata
trautvetteria caroliniensis
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium wormskioldii
tsuga heterophylla
utricularia intermedia
vaccinium caespitosum
vaccinium membranaceum
vaccinium ovatum
vaccinium parvifolium
veronica peregrina
vigna luteola
wigandia urens
xanthisma spinulosum
ximenia americana
yucca brevifolia
yucca elata
zantedeschia aethiopica
zigadenus elegans
zigadenus venenosus
