acacia confusa
acacia mearnsii
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum hispidulum
agave attenuata
ageratina adenophora
ageratina riparia
ailanthus altissima
aira caryophyllea
albizia lebbeck
albizia saman
aleurites moluccana
alpinia purpurata
alstonia macrophylla
alternanthera pungens
amaryllis belladonna
anemone hupehensis
anthoxanthum odoratum
antigonon leptopus
araucaria columnaris
archontophoenix alexandrae
ardisia crenata
ardisia elliptica
arenaria serpyllifolia
argemone glauca
artocarpus altilis
arundina graminifolia
arundo donax
asparagus aethiopicus
asplenium nidus
asplenium polyodon
asplenium trichomanes
asplenium unilaterale
bacopa monnieri
barleria repens
barringtonia asiatica
bauhinia monandra
bidens alba
boerhavia coccinea
bolboschoenus maritimus
bryophyllum pinnatum
caesalpinia decapetala
calotropis gigantea
canavalia cathartica
cannabis sativa
carex echinata
cascabela thevetia
cecropia obtusifolia
centaurea cyanus
centaurea melitensis
centranthus ruber
ceratophyllum demersum
chamaecrista nictitans
chrysobalanus icaco
cissus rotundifolia
coccinia grandis
coccoloba uvifera
colubrina asiatica
conocarpus erectus
cordyline fruticosa
coriandrum sativum
costus woodsonii
cuphea ignea
cyathea cooperi
cyperus rotundus
dactylis glomerata
dendrobium nobile
desmodium incanum
dianella ensifolia
dodonaea viscosa
dubautia scabra
eleusine indica
emilia fosbergii
epilobium ciliatum
erechtites hieraciifolius
erigeron karvinskianus
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia hirta
ficus macrophylla
ficus microcarpa
fragaria chiloensis
fuchsia boliviana
fuchsia magellanica
furcraea foetida
geranium molle
glyceria notata
gomphocarpus physocarpus
gossypium barbadense
heterocentron subtriplinervium
hibiscus arnottianus
hibiscus boryanus
hibiscus brackenridgei
hibiscus calyphyllus
hibiscus clayii
hippobroma longiflora
hiptage benghalensis
hydrangea macrophylla
hydrocotyle verticillata
hypericum canariense
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea obscura
ipomoea pes-caprae
jacquemontia ovalifolia
kunzea ericoides
kyllinga nemoralis
lantana montevidensis
lemna minor
leonotis leonurus
lepidium densiflorum
leptecophylla tameiameiae
leptospermum scoparium
leucaena leucocephala
lindernia procumbens
linum bienne
lolium perenne
ludwigia octovalvis
macaranga tanarius
machaerina angustifolia
malva neglecta
marrubium vulgare
melaleuca quinquenervia
melanthera biflora
melia azedarach
metrosideros polymorpha
myriophyllum aquaticum
najas marina
osteomeles anthyllidifolia
oxalis corniculata
pandanus tectorius
paraserianthes lophantha
parkinsonia aculeata
passiflora caerulea
passiflora foetida
phaius tankervilleae
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phleum pratense
pisonia grandis
pittosporum confertiflorum
pleopeltis macrocarpa
pritchardia kaalae
prosopis pallida
pseuderanthemum carruthersii
pseudogynoxys chenopodioides
psilotum nudum
reichardia picroides
rhizophora mangle
rosa laevigata
rubus rosifolius
rumex crispus
sambucus nigra
santalum freycinetianum
scaevola gaudichaudii
scaevola procera
scaevola taccada
schizostachyum glaucifolium
senna didymobotrya
senna surattensis
sesbania tomentosa
sesuvium portulacastrum
sida fallax
solandra maxima
solanum mauritianum
sophora chrysophylla
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stapelia gigantea
syzygium cumini
syzygium jambos
syzygium malaccense
talipariti tiliaceum
tetramolopium humile
tetraplasandra oahuensis
thespesia populnea
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
thunbergia laurifolia
tournefortia argentea
trifolium dubium
turnera ulmifolia
vaccinium calycinum
vaccinium reticulatum
verbascum blattaria
veronica peregrina
vigna marina
vitex trifolia
wikstroemia uva-ursi
wilkesia gymnoxiphium
zantedeschia aethiopica
