agrostis stolonifera
aira caryophyllea
aira praecox
amaryllis belladonna
anagallis arvensis
anethum graveolens
anthemis cotula
anthoxanthum odoratum
apium graveolens
artemisia absinthium
bartsia trixago
briza maxima
briza media
bromus hordeaceus
calendula officinalis
carthamus lanatus
centaurea melitensis
centranthus ruber
centunculus minimus
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium holosteoides
cestrum parqui
chenopodium murale
chrysanthemum coronarium
cichorium intybus
cirsium vulgare
conium maculatum
convolvulus arvensis
coriandrum sativum
cotula coronopifolia
crepis capillaris
cymbalaria muralis
cynara cardunculus
cynoglossum creticum
cyperus eragrostis
cystopteris fragilis
dactylis glomerata
digitalis purpurea
digitaria sanguinalis
empetrum rubrum
erodium cicutarium
euphorbia peplus
ficus carica
fragaria chiloensis
fuchsia magellanica
fumaria capreolata
galinsoga parviflora
galium aparine
geranium dissectum
geranium robertianum
histiopteris incisa
hordeum murinum
hypericum perforatum
hypochaeris radicata
juncus bufonius
kickxia elatine
lapsana communis
leonotis ocymifolia
linum usitatissimum
lolium perenne
lycopodium magellanicum
lythrum hyssopifolia
majorana hortensis
marrubium vulgare
matricaria recutita
medicago arabica
medicago lupulina
medicago sativa
melissa officinalis
myosotis sylvatica
nertera granadensis
oenothera rosea
oxalis corniculata
papaver somniferum
paraserianthes lophantha
persicaria lapathifolia
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
pleopeltis macrocarpa
poa annua
poa pratensis
portulaca oleracea
prunella vulgaris
pulegium vulgare
ranunculus muricatus
ricinus communis
rubus ulmifolius
rumex acetosella
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
ruta chalepensis
sarcocornia fruticosa
senecio vulgaris
setaria viridis
silene gallica
silybum marianum
sisymbrium officinale
solanum tuberosum
sonchus oleraceus
spergularia rubra
stellaria media
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
tristerix corymbosus
tropaeolum majus
urtica urens
verbascum thapsus
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica persica
vinca major
xanthium spinosum
zantedeschia aethiopica
