agave americana
albizia saman
alpinia purpurata
araucaria columnaris
artocarpus altilis
asplenium nidus
callitriche palustris
callitriche stagnalis
canavalia cathartica
canavalia rosea
carissa spinarum
casuarina equisetifolia
cecropia peltata
ceriops tagal
colubrina asiatica
crinum asiaticum
dianella ensifolia
diplotaxis muralis
dodonaea viscosa
eleocharis dulcis
eleusine indica
enterolobium cyclocarpum
evolvulus alsinoides
ficus macrophylla
ficus microcarpa
gomphocarpus physocarpus
gossypium barbadense
guettarda speciosa
helminthostachys zeylanica
hernandia nymphaeifolia
histiopteris incisa
impatiens balsamina
intsia bijuga
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea quamoclit
leucaena leucocephala
lobularia maritima
ludwigia octovalvis
lumnitzera racemosa
melaleuca quinquenervia
melastoma malabathricum
murraya paniculata
ochrosia oppositifolia
pandanus tectorius
passiflora foetida
phaius tankervilleae
pisonia grandis
rhizophora mucronata
rubus rosifolius
rumex crispus
rumohra adiantiformis
scaevola taccada
senna bicapsularis
solandra maxima
solanum mauritianum
sonneratia alba
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stapelia gigantea
suriana maritima
syringodium isoetifolium
talipariti tiliaceum
terminalia catappa
thalassia hemprichii
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
tournefortia argentea
trichomanes cupressoides
turnera ulmifolia
verbena rigida
vitex trifolia
ximenia americana
xylocarpus granatum
xylocarpus moluccensis
