acaena cylindristachya
acaena elongata
ageratina riparia
ageratum conyzoides
albizia saman
alnus acuminata
aloysia citriodora
amaranthus caudatus
amphilophium crucigerum
arthrostemma ciliatum
asclepias curassavica
austrocylindropuntia subulata
bacopa monnieri
begonia veitchii
bocconia frutescens
bomarea dulcis
bomarea hirsuta
browningia candelaris
bryophyllum pinnatum
byrsonima crassifolia
calceolaria tripartita
cantua buxifolia
capsicum pubescens
carludovica palmata
cavendishia bracteata
cecropia angustifolia
cecropia insignis
cecropia obtusifolia
cedrela odorata
centropogon cornutus
centropogon granulosus
centropogon solanifolius
cestrum parqui
clethra lanata
cobaea scandens
cochlospermum vitifolium
colletia spinosissima
colobanthus quitensis
cordia alliodora
coriaria ruscifolia
corryocactus erectus
cosmos bipinnatus
costus pulverulentus
cyrtochilum aureum
desmodium incanum
diphasiastrum thyoides
diplotaxis muralis
duranta erecta
eleocharis acicularis
emilia fosbergii
erechtites hieraciifolius
erythrina poeppigiana
espeletia pycnophylla
euphorbia hirta
eustephia darwinii
festuca arundinacea
fuchsia boliviana
fuchsia magellanica
gaiadendron punctatum
galinsoga parviflora
galinsoga quadriradiata
gaultheria erecta
gaultheria myrsinoides
gentiana sedifolia
glossoloma ichthyoderma
guazuma ulmifolia
gynerium sagittatum
handroanthus ochraceus
heliconia subulata
histiopteris incisa
hydrocotyle umbellata
hypericum costaricense
chuquiraga spinosa
jamesonia scammaniae
kohleria spicata
kohleria tigridia
lemna minor
luehea speciosa
lupinus tomentosus
lupinus weberbaueri
lycopodium clavatum
masdevallia pachyura
maxillariella variabilis
megaskepasma erythrochlamys
monochaetum bonplandii
mucuna urens
muntingia calabura
mutisia acuminata
myriophyllum aquaticum
nertera granadensis
nicotiana rustica
nicotiana tabacum
oenothera rosea
oreocallis grandiflora
pachystachys lutea
passiflora tarminiana
passiflora trifoliata
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phaseolus lunatus
phaseolus vulgaris
phoradendron quadrangulare
phragmipedium longifolium
phytolacca icosandra
platystele oxyglossa
pleopeltis macrocarpa
prosopis pallida
pseudobombax septenatum
pseudogynoxys chenopodioides
puya raimondii
quinchamalium chilense
ranunculus peruvianus
razisea spicata
renealmia cernua
roupala montana
schinus molle
siphonandra elliptica
sobralia dichotoma
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stellaria pallida
stuckenia pectinata
symphyotrichum squamatum
tabebuia rosea
thunbergia fragrans
tridax procumbens
tropaeolum peregrinum
ugni myricoides
vigna luteola
viola stipularis
werneria nubigena
wigandia urens
xanthosoma undipes
ximenia americana
zinnia peruviana
