abies fraseri
abutilon theophrasti
acacia retinodes
acer campestre
acer negundo
acer pseudoplatanus
acer saccharinum
acinos arvensis
aconitum napellus
acorus calamus
actaea rubra
adiantum capillus-veneris
adoxa moschatellina
aegilops cylindrica
aegilops geniculata
aegopodium podagraria
aesculus hippocastanum
aesculus octandra
aesculus parviflora
aethusa cynapium
agastache foeniculum
agrimonia eupatoria
agropyron pectinatum
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
achillea alpina
achillea filipendulina
achyranthes aspera
ailanthus altissima
aira caryophyllea
akebia quinata
albizia lebbeck
alcea rosea
alchemilla xanthochlora
alisma plantago-aquatica
alliaria petiolata
allium cernuum
allium neapolitanum
allium rotundum
allium schoenoprasum
allium textile
allium victorialis
alnus glutinosa
alnus incana
alopecurus aequalis
alopecurus geniculatus
alopecurus pratensis
alternanthera pungens
althaea hirsuta
alyssum alyssoides
amaranthus albus
amaranthus blitoides
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
amaranthus retroflexus
amaryllis belladonna
ambrosia artemisiifolia
amelanchier alnifolia
amerorchis rotundifolia
amorpha fruticosa
anagallis arvensis
anagallis foemina
anaphalis margaritacea
andromeda polifolia
androsace chamaejasme
androsace maxima
androsace septentrionalis
anemone canadensis
anemonella thalictroides
anemone multifida
angelica lucida
angelica sylvestris
anchusa azurea
anchusa barrelieri
anchusa officinalis
anthemis arvensis
anthemis cotula
anthemis tinctoria
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
anthriscus sylvestris
anthyllis vulneraria
antigonon leptopus
antirrhinum majus
apera spica-venti
aphanes australis
apium graveolens
apium repens
aquilegia vulgaris
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis alpina
arabis glabra
arabis hirsuta
arachis hypogaea
aralia elata
aralia nudicaulis
araujia sericifera
arctium lappa
arctium minus
ardisia crenata
arenaria serpyllifolia
argemone mexicana
argemone ochroleuca
aristolochia clematitis
aristolochia macrophylla
armeria maritima
arnica cordifolia
arnoseris minima
aronia melanocarpa
arrhenatherum elatius
artemisia absinthium
artemisia borealis
artemisia campestris
artemisia frigida
artemisia ludoviciana
artemisia pontica
artemisia vulgaris
aruncus vulgaris
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asclepias speciosa
asclepias syriaca
asimina triloba
asparagus officinalis
asperula arvensis
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium ruta-muraria
asplenium septentrionale
asplenium trichomanes
asplenium viride
aster alpinus
astragalus australis
astragalus crassicarpus
astragalus danicus
astragalus drummondii
astragalus gilviflorus
athyrium distentifolium
athyrium filix-femina
atriplex holocarpa
atriplex hortensis
atriplex littoralis
atriplex oblongifolia
atriplex patula
atriplex rosea
atriplex tatarica
avena fatua
avenella flexuosa
avenula pubescens
avicennia germinans
bacopa monnieri
ballota nigra
balsamorhiza sagittata
barbarea stricta
barbarea vulgaris
bartsia alpina
bartsia trixago
batrachium trichophyllum
belamcanda chinensis
bellis perennis
berteroa incana
berula erecta
bidens cernua
bidens frondosa
bidens tripartita
bifora radians
bistorta vivipara
bituminaria bituminosa
blechnum spicant
boerhavia coccinea
bolboschoenus maritimus
borago officinalis
bothriochloa ischaemum
botrychium lunaria
botrychium matricariifolium
botrychium multifidum
botrychium virginianum
bouteloua gracilis
brachypodium pinnatum
brachypodium sylvaticum
breitungia oregana
brickellia grandiflora
briza maxima
briza media
bromus arvensis
bromus erectus
bromus hordeaceus
bromus inermis
bromus japonicus
bromus secalinus
bromus tectorum
broussonetia papyrifera
bryonia alba
buddleja davidii
bunias orientalis
bupleurum rotundifolium
butomus umbellatus
caesalpinia gilliesii
cakile edentula
cakile maritima
calamagrostis epigejos
calendula arvensis
calendula officinalis
calla palustris
callitriche palustris
callitriche stagnalis
calluna vulgaris
calotropis procera
caltha natans
caltha palustris
calycanthus floridus
calystegia sepium
calystegia soldanella
camelina microcarpa
camelina sativa
campanula bononiensis
campanula medium
campanula rapunculoides
campanula rotundifolia
campsis radicans
canadanthus modestus
cannabis ruderalis
cannabis sativa
canna glauca
capparis spinosa
capsella bursa-pastoris
caragana arborescens
cardamine flexuosa
cardamine hirsuta
cardamine impatiens
cardamine pratensis
cardaminopsis petraea
cardaria draba
carduus acanthoides
carduus crispus
carduus nutans
carex acutiformis
carex aquatilis
carex arenaria
carex atrata
carex atrofusca
carex aurea
carex buxbaumii
carex canescens
carex capillaris
carex capitata
carex caryophyllea
carex demissa
carex diandra
carex dioica
carex distans
carex divisa
carex echinata
carex extensa
carex filifolia
carex flacca
carex flava
carex grayi
carex hirta
carex hostiana
carex chordorrhiza
carex inops
carex inops subsp. heliophila
carex lachenalii
carex lasiocarpa
carex lepidocarpa
carex limosa
carex loliacea
carex magellanica
carex nigra
carex ovalis
carex panicea
carex pauciflora
carex pseudocyperus
carex rostrata
carex rupestris
carex saxatilis
carex spicata
carex sylvatica
carex vesicaria
carex viridula
carpobrotus edulis
carthamus lanatus
carthamus tinctorius
carya ovata
cassiope mertensiana
catabrosa aquatica
catalpa bignonioides
catharanthus roseus
caulophyllum thalictroides
celosia argentea
centaurea aspera
centaurea cyanus
centaurea diffusa
centaurea jacea
centaurea macrocephala
centaurea scabiosa
centaurea solstitialis
centaurea stoebe
centaurium spicatum
centunculus minimus
cephalaria gigantea
cerastium arvense
cerastium brachypetalum
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium holosteoides
cerastium semidecandrum
ceratophyllum demersum
cercis canadensis
cicuta maculata
cichorium intybus
circaea 
cirsium arvense
cirsium drummondii
cirsium hookerianum
cirsium palustre
cirsium undulatum
cirsium vulgare
cistus salviifolius
claytonia alsinoides
clematis recta
clematis tangutica
clinopodium vulgare
cnicus benedictus
cogswellia macrocarpa
coleanthus subtilis
collomia linearis
comastoma tenellum
commelina communis
conium maculatum
conringia orientalis
consolida regalis
convallaria majalis
convolvulus althaeoides
convolvulus arvensis
conyza canadensis
coptidium lapponicum
coptis trifolia
corallorhiza maculata
corallorhiza striata
corallorhiza trifida
coriandrum sativum
corispermum pallasii
cornus canadensis
cornus sanguinea
cornus sericea
coronopus squamatus
corrigiola litoralis
corydalis aurea
corydalis sempervirens
corylus avellana
corynephorus canescens
cosmos bipinnatus
cotinus coggygria
cotula coronopifolia
crassula multicava
crataegus douglasii
crataegus laevigata
crepidotus variabilis
crepis capillaris
crepis foetida
crepis pulchra
crepis setosa
crocosmia 
cruciata pedemontana
crupina vulgaris
crypsis aculeata
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cryptogramma crispa
cuscuta epithymum
cuscuta europaea
cycloloma atriplicifolium
cynara cardunculus
cynodon dactylon
cynoglossum officinale
cyperus eragrostis
cyperus flavescens
cyperus fuscus
cyperus rotundus
cypripedium acaule
cypripedium parviflorum
cyrilla racemiflora
cyrtomium falcatum
cystopteris bulbifera
cystopteris fragilis
cytisus scoparius
dactylis glomerata
dactylis polygama
dalea candida
dalea purpurea
datura stramonium
daucus carota
descurainia sophia
deschampsia cespitosa
desmodium incanum
dianthus armeria
dianthus barbatus
dianthus deltoides
diapensia lapponica
dicentra formosa
diervilla lonicera
dieteria canescens
digitalis grandiflora
digitalis lanata
digitalis purpurea
digitaria sanguinalis
diphasiastrum alpinum
diphasiastrum complanatum
diphasiastrum issleri
diphasiastrum tristachyum
diphasiastrum zeilleri
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dipsacus fullonum
dipsacus laciniatus
dittrichia viscosa
dodonaea viscosa
draba fladnizensis
draba nemorosa
dracunculus vulgaris
drosera anglica
drosera intermedia
drosera rotundifolia
dryopteris cristata
dryopteris filix-mas
echinocystis lobata
echinochloa crus-galli
echinops sphaerocephalus
echium plantagineum
echium vulgare
eichhornia crassipes
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis ovata
eleocharis palustris
eleocharis quinqueflora
eleusine indica
elodea canadensis
elyna myosuroides
elytrigia intermedia
elytrigia repens
emilia fosbergii
empetrum hermaphroditum
empetrum nigrum
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
epipactis helleborine
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum ramosissimum
equisetum sylvaticum
equisetum variegatum
eragrostis minor
eranthis hyemalis
erechtites hieraciifolius
erica cinerea
ericameria nauseosa
erigeron annuus
erigeron caespitosus
erigeron glabellus
eriobotrya japonica
eriogonum flavum
eriogonum umbellatum
eriophorum angustifolium
eriophorum gracile
eriophorum vaginatum
eriophorum viridicarinatum
erodium ciconium
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
erophila verna
eruca sativa
erucastrum gallicum
eryngium campestre
eryngium maritimum
erysimum durum
erysimum hieraciifolium
erysimum cheiranthoides
erysimum repandum
eschscholzia californica
eupatorium cannabinum
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia cyparissias
euphorbia esula
euphorbia exigua
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia lucida
euphorbia marginata
euphorbia myrsinites
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia platyphyllos
euphrasia stricta
eurybia conspicua
evolvulus alsinoides
fagopyrum esculentum
falcaria vulgaris
fallopia aubertii
fallopia convolvulus
fallopia dumetorum
festuca arundinacea
festuca brevipila
festuca gigantea
festuca ovina
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
ficaria verna
filago vulgaris
filipendula ulmaria
filipendula vulgaris
fragaria vesca
fragaria virginiana
fraxinus excelsior
fumaria capreolata
fumaria officinalis
fumaria vaillantii
gaillardia aristata
galega officinalis
galeopsis angustifolia
galeopsis bifida
galeopsis ladanum
galeopsis speciosa
galeopsis tetrahit
galinsoga parviflora
galinsoga quadriradiata
galium 
galium aparine
galium boreale
galium murale
galium odoratum
galium palustre
galium saxatile
galium spurium
galium sylvaticum
galium tricornutum
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
galium verum
gaura coccinea
gentiana affinis
geocaulon lividum
geranium bicknellii
geranium columbinum
geranium dissectum
geranium lucidum
geranium molle
geranium purpureum
geranium pusillum
geranium richardsonii
geranium robertianum
geranium sylvaticum
geranium viscosissimum
geum rivale
geum triflorum
geum urbanum
gladiolus dalenii
glandularia bipinnatifida
glaucium corniculatum
glaucium flavum
gleditsia triacanthos
glechoma hederacea
glyceria fluitans
glyceria maxima
glycyrrhiza lepidota
gnaphalium norvegicum
gnaphalium sylvaticum
gnaphalium uliginosum
goodyera oblongifolia
goodyera repens
grindelia squarrosa
gutierrezia sarothrae
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
gymnocladus dioicus
gypsophila muralis
habranthus tubispathus
halesia tetraptera
hammarbya paludosa
harrimanella hypnoides
hedysarum alpinum
hedysarum boreale
heleochloa alopecuroides
heleochloa schoenoides
helianthus annuus
helianthus maximiliani
helianthus nuttallii
helianthus tuberosus
helleborus viridis
hemerocallis fulva
heracleum lanatum
heracleum sphondylium
herniaria glabra
herniaria hirsuta
hesperis matronalis
heterotheca villosa
hibiscus trionum
hieracium aurantiacum
hieracium caespitosum
hieracium flagellare
hieracium laevigatum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium murorum
hieracium pilosella
hieracium piloselloides
hieracium sabaudum
hieracium umbellatum
hierochloe odorata
hippocrepis comosa
hippuris vulgaris
holcus lanatus
holcus mollis
holosteum umbellatum
hordeum geniculatum
hordeum jubatum
hordeum murinum
humulus lupulus
hydrangea paniculata
hydrastis canadensis
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle verticillata
hydrocharis morsus-ranae
hylotelephium telephium
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hyoscyamus albus
hyoscyamus niger
hypecoum imberbe
hypericum humifusum
hypericum perforatum
hypochaeris radicata
hyssopus officinalis
chaerophyllum temulum
chamaebatiaria millefolium
chamaecrista nictitans
chamaecyparis lawsoniana
chelidonium majus
chenopodium album
chenopodium bonus-henricus
chenopodium botrys
chenopodium capitatum
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium chenopodioides
chenopodium murale
chenopodium polyspermum
chenopodium pumilio
chenopodium rubrum
chenopodium strictum
chenopodium suecicum
chenopodium urbicum
chenopodium vulvaria
chimaphila umbellata
chondrilla juncea
chrysanthemum coronarium
impatiens balfourii
impatiens noli-tangere
impatiens parviflora
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea purpurea
ipomoea quamoclit
iris fulva
iris pseudacorus
isatis tinctoria
isoetes echinospora
isoetes lacustris
isolepis setacea
iva xanthiifolia
jasione montana
jeffersonia diphylla
juglans nigra
juncus acutus
juncus alpinoarticulatus
juncus arcticus
juncus articulatus
juncus bufonius
juncus capitatus
juncus castaneus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus effusus
juncus filiformis
juncus gerardii
juncus inflexus
juncus maritimus
juncus mertensianus
juncus sphaerocarpus
juncus subnodulosus
juncus tenuis
juncus trifidus
juncus triglumis
juniperus horizontalis
juniperus scopulorum
kalanchoe delagoensis
kickxia elatine
kickxia spuria
knautia arvensis
koeleria macrantha
kochia prostrata
kochia scoparia
laburnum anagyroides
lactuca serriola
lactuca tatarica
lagurus ovatus
lamarckia aurea
lamium album
lamium amplexicaule
lamium maculatum
lamium purpureum
lantana camara
lantana montevidensis
lappula squarrosa
lapsana communis
lastrea limbosperma
lathyrus cicera
lathyrus hirsutus
lathyrus japonicus
lathyrus latifolius
lathyrus palustris
lathyrus pratensis
lathyrus sylvestris
ledum groenlandicum
leersia oryzoides
lemna gibba
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lemna turionifera
leontodon autumnalis
leontodon hispidus
leonurus cardiaca
leonurus marrubiastrum
lepidium campestre
lepidium densiflorum
lepidium perfoliatum
lepidium ruderale
lepidium sativum
leucaena leucocephala
leucanthemum vulgare
levisticum officinale
leymus mollis
liatris punctata
ligustrum lucidum
ligustrum ovalifolium
ligustrum vulgare
lilium philadelphicum
limonium sinuatum
limosella aquatica
linaria vulgaris
lindernia procumbens
linnaea borealis
linum bienne
linum catharticum
linum usitatissimum
liparis loeselii
liquidambar styraciflua
liriodendron tulipifera
listera ovata
lithospermum arvense
lithospermum incisum
lithospermum officinale
lithospermum ruderale
lloydia serotina
lobelia dortmanna
lobularia maritima
loiseleuria procumbens
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera caerulea
lonicera japonica
lonicera ledebourii
lonicera maackii
lonicera periclymenum
lotus angustissimus
lotus corniculatus
lotus tenuis
lotus uliginosus
ludwigia octovalvis
lunaria annua
lunaria rediviva
lupinus polyphyllus
luzula campestris
luzula luzuloides
luzula multiflora
luzula pallescens
luzula spicata
lycium barbarum
lycopodiella cernua
lycopodiella inundata
lycopodium annotinum
lycopodium clavatum
lycopsis arvensis
lycopus europaeus
lygodesmia juncea
lychnis coronaria
lychnis flos-cuculi
lychnis chalcedonica
lysimachia ciliata
lysimachia nummularia
lysimachia punctata
lysimachia thyrsiflora
lysimachia vulgaris
lythrum hyssopifolia
lythrum salicaria
lythrum tribracteatum
lythrum virgatum
maclura pomifera
magnolia acuminata
magnolia grandiflora
mahonia aquifolium
maianthemum canadense
maianthemum stellatum
malaxis monophyllos
malus domestica
malva alcea
malva moschata
malva neglecta
malva pusilla
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
marsilea quadrifolia
matricaria discoidea
matricaria recutita
matteuccia struthiopteris
medicago 
medicago arabica
medicago falcata
medicago lupulina
medicago minima
medicago sativa
melaleuca quinquenervia
melica altissima
melilotus albus
melilotus altissimus
melilotus officinalis
melissa officinalis
mentha 
mentha aquatica
mentha longifolia
menyanthes trifoliata
mercurialis annua
mertensia maritima
mertensia paniculata
mesembryanthemum crystallinum
mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
microrrhinum minus
milium effusum
mimulus guttatus
mirabilis linearis
mitella nuda
monarda fistulosa
moneses uniflora
monotropa hypopitys
monotropa uniflora
montia arvensis
montia fontana
montia hallii
musineon divaricatum
myagrum perfoliatum
mycelis muralis
myosotis arvensis
myosotis discolor
myosotis stricta
myosotis sylvatica
myosoton aquaticum
myriophyllum alterniflorum
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum hippuroides
myriophyllum spicatum
myriophyllum verticillatum
najas marina
najas minor
narcissus pseudonarcissus
narcissus tazetta
nardus stricta
nasturtium officinale
nepeta cataria
nepeta racemosa
nephrophyllidium crista-galli
neslia paniculata
nicandra physalodes
nicotiana rustica
nigella damascena
nothoscordum gracile
nuphar lutea
nuphar pumila
nymphoides peltata
ocimum basilicum
odontites vernus
oenanthe aquatica
oenothera biennis
oenothera glazioviana
ononis arvensis
ononis spinosa
onopordum acanthium
onosmodium bejariense
ophioglossum vulgatum
oplopanax horridus
opuntia ficus-indica
opuntia fragilis
ornithogalum nutans
orobanche hederae
orobanche ramosa
orthilia secunda
oryza sativa
osmunda regalis
oxalis corniculata
oxalis dillenii
oxalis fontana
oxalis latifolia
oxalis pes-caprae
oxalis radicosa
oxybaphus nyctagineus
oxycoccus macrocarpus
oxycoccus microcarpus
oxycoccus palustris
oxytropis splendens
pandanus utilis
panicum capillare
panicum miliaceum
papaver dubium
papaver rhoeas
parapholis incurva
parentucellia latifolia
parentucellia viscosa
parietaria judaica
parietaria officinalis
parkinsonia aculeata
paronychia sessiliflora
parthenocissus inserta
parthenocissus quinquefolia
pastinaca sativa
pedicularis palustris
pedicularis sudetica
pedicularis verticillata
peganum harmala
penstemon nitidus
penstemon procerus
persicaria alpina
persicaria amphibia
persicaria capitata
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria maculosa
persicaria minor
petrorhagia prolifera
phacelia hastata
phacelia tanacetifolia
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phegopteris connectilis
philadelphus coronarius
phleum pratense
phoenix dactylifera
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
physalis alkekengi
physocarpus opulifolius
picea abies
picea mariana
picris hieracioides
pinellia ternata
pinguicula vulgaris
pinus aristata
pinus attenuata
pinus banksiana
pinus halepensis
pinus jeffreyi
pinus nigra
pinus pungens
pinus rigida
pinus strobus
pinus sylvestris
pistia stratiotes
pisum sativum
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
plantago media
platanthera dilatata
platanthera hyperborea
platanthera orbiculata
poa angustifolia
poa annua
poa bulbosa
poa compressa
poa nemoralis
poa palustris
poa pratensis
poa trivialis
podophyllum peltatum
polycnemum majus
polygala senega
polygonatum odoratum
polygonum arenastrum
polygonum maritimum
polygonum rurivagum
polypodium vulgare
polystichum lonchitis
pontederia cordata
populus tremuloides
potamogeton gramineus
potamogeton natans
potamogeton nodosus
potamogeton praelongus
potamogeton richardsonii
potentilla anserina
potentilla argentea
potentilla concinna
potentilla erecta
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla fruticosa subsp. floribunda
potentilla gracilis
potentilla hippiana
potentilla inclinata
potentilla nivea
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
potentilla recta
potentilla reptans
potentilla supina
primula incana
prosartes hookeri
prosartes trachycarpa
prunella vulgaris
prunus dulcis
prunus insititia
prunus pensylvanica
prunus serotina
prunus virginiana
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
pseudorchis albida
pseudotsuga menziesii
psilotum nudum
psoralea esculenta
ptelea trifoliata
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
puccinellia distans
pulegium vulgare
pulsatilla patens
pulsatilla patens subsp. multifida
punica granatum
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola minor
pyrrocoma lanceolata
quercus rubra
quercus suber
ranunculus acris
ranunculus arvensis
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus glacialis
ranunculus sceleratus
ratibida columnifera
reseda alba
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
reynoutria 
reynoutria sachalinensis
rhamnus cathartica
rhinanthus minor
rhizophora mangle
rhodiola rosea
rhus glabra
rhus hirta
rhynchospora alba
rhynchospora fusca
ribes rubrum
ribes sanguineum
ribes uva-crispa
ricinus communis
robinia pseudacacia
robinia viscosa
rorippa amphibia
rorippa palustris
rorippa sylvestris
rosa arkansana
rosa laevigata
rosa majalis
rosa multiflora
rosa woodsii
rosmarinus officinalis
rubus arcticus
rubus arcticus subsp. acaulis
rubus caesius
rubus odoratus
rudbeckia hirta
rudbeckia laciniata
rumex acetosa
rumex acetosella
rumex alpinus
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
rumex obtusifolius
rumex stenophyllus
rumohra adiantiformis
russelia equisetiformis
sagina procumbens
sagina saginoides
sagittaria lancifolia
sagittaria latifolia
salix exigua
salix herbacea
salix viminalis
salsola australis
salsola soda
salvia coccinea
salvia nutans
salvia pratensis
salvia verbenaca
sambucus nigra
sambucus nigra subsp. canadensis
sambucus racemosa
samolus valerandi
sanguinaria canadensis
sanguisorba minor
sanguisorba officinalis
sanicula marilandica
saponaria officinalis
sarcocornia perennis
saxifraga aizoides
saxifraga cernua
saxifraga hieraciifolia
saxifraga paniculata
scandix pecten-veneris
scleranthus annuus
sclerochloa dura
scolymus hispanicus
scolymus maculatus
scorpiurus muricatus
scrophularia canina
scutellaria galericulata
securigera varia
sedum acre
sedum hispanicum
sedum spurium
selaginella densa
selaginella selaginoides
selinum carvifolia
senecio eremophilus
senecio inaequidens
senecio jacobaea
senecio sylvaticus
senecio viscosus
senecio vulgaris
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
shepherdia canadensis
schoenoplectus pungens
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
schoenus nigricans
sibbaldiopsis tridentata
silene acaulis
silene armeria
silene conica
silene dioica
silene latifolia
silene noctiflora
silene vulgaris
sinapis arvensis
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium officinale
sisyrinchium montanum
sisyrinchium septentrionale
sium suave
solanum incanum
solanum marginatum
solanum nigrum
solanum triflorum
solanum tuberosum
solidago canadensis
solidago gigantea
solidago missouriensis
sonchus arvensis
sonchus asper
sonchus oleraceus
sparganium natans
spergula morisonii
spergularia maritima
spergularia rubra
sphaeralcea coccinea
spigelia marilandica
spiraea chamaedryfolia
spiraea japonica
spiraea salicifolia
spiranthes romanzoffiana
stachys pilosa
stachys sylvatica
stellaria alsine
stellaria graminea
stellaria media
stellaria neglecta
stellaria pallida
stipa capillata
striga asiatica
striga gesnerioides
stuckenia pectinata
stylophorum diphyllum
succisa pratensis
succisella inflexa
symphoricarpos albus
symphyotrichum ericoides
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
symphyotrichum novi-belgii
symphyotrichum squamatum
symphytum tuberosum
syringa vulgaris
taeniatherum caput-medusae
tagetes patula
tamarix africana
tamarix canariensis
tanacetum bipinnatum
tanacetum vulgare
taraxacum sect
taxodium distichum
tecoma stans
teucrium scorodonia
thelypteris dentata
thelypteris palustris
thlaspi arvense
thlaspi perfoliatum
thunbergia alata
thymelaea passerina
tillaea aquatica
tillandsia usneoides
tofieldia pusilla
tolpis barbata
torilis arvensis
torilis japonica
tragopogon dubius
tragopogon hybridus
tragopogon orientalis
tragopogon porrifolius
tragopogon pratensis
trapa natans
trautvetteria caroliniensis
triantha glutinosa
tribulus cistoides
tribulus terrestris
trientalis europaea
trifolium aureum
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium hybridum
trifolium incarnatum
trifolium medium
trifolium pratense
trifolium resupinatum
trifolium striatum
triglochin palustris
trichophorum alpinum
trichophorum cespitosum
trichophorum pumilum
trillium grandiflorum
trillium sessile
tripleurospermum inodorum
trisetum flavescens
triticum aestivum
trollius albiflorus
tropaeolum majus
tsuga canadensis
tsuga caroliniana
typha angustifolia
typha latifolia
ulex europaeus
urtica dioica
urtica urens
utricularia intermedia
utricularia minor
utricularia ochroleuca
uvularia grandiflora
vaccaria hispanica
vaccinium gaultherioides
vaccinium membranaceum
vaccinium myrtilloides
vaccinium ovalifolium
vaccinium uliginosum
valerianella locusta
verbascum blattaria
verbascum thapsus
verbena officinalis
verbena rigida
veronica alpina
veronica alpina subsp. wormskjoldii
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica beccabunga
veronica dillenii
veronica filiformis
veronica grandiflora
veronica chamaedrys
veronica peregrina
veronica polita
veronica scutellata
veronica serpyllifolia
viburnum lantana
vicia angustifolia
vicia cracca
vicia grandiflora
vicia hirsuta
vicia lathyroides
vicia lutea
vicia nigricans
vicia pannonica
vicia sativa
vicia sepium
vicia tetrasperma
vicia villosa
vigna luteola
vinca major
vinca minor
vincetoxicum hirundinaria
viola arvensis
viola epipsila
viola nuttallii
viola palustris
viscum album
vitex trifolia
wolffia arrhiza
woodsia ilvensis
xanthisma spinulosum
xanthium albinum
xanthium spinosum
xanthium strumarium
xanthorhiza simplicissima
yucca flaccida
yucca glauca
zannichellia palustris
zea mays
zigadenus elegans
zigadenus venenosus
zinnia peruviana
zizia aptera
