acacia mearnsii
achyranthes aspera
acorus calamus
actiniopteris semiflabellata
adiantum incisum
aerva javanica
ageratina adenophora
ageratina riparia
albizia lebbeck
aleurites moluccana
allamanda cathartica
alpinia calcarata
alpinia zerumbet
alstonia macrophylla
amaranthus caudatus
anagallis arvensis
antigonon leptopus
ardisia crenata
ardisia elliptica
argemone mexicana
aristea ecklonii
artabotrys hexapetalus
artocarpus heterophyllus
arundina graminifolia
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asplenium nidus
asplenium polyodon
asplenium unilaterale
asystasia gangetica
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
barringtonia asiatica
boerhavia coccinea
bombax ceiba
bruguiera gymnorhiza
bryophyllum pinnatum
caesalpinia bonduc
caesalpinia decapetala
calceolaria tripartita
calophyllum inophyllum
calotropis gigantea
calotropis procera
canavalia rosea
cannabis sativa
carissa spinarum
cascabela thevetia
cassia fistula
celosia argentea
ceratophyllum demersum
ceriops tagal
chamaecrista nictitans
cinnamomum verum
cirrhopetalum lepidum
cissus quadrangularis
clitoria ternatea
coccinia grandis
coix lacryma-jobi
colubrina asiatica
corchorus depressus
cordia sebestena
cordia subcordata
cordyline fruticosa
coriandrum sativum
corypha umbraculifera
couroupita guianensis
crinum asiaticum
crossandra infundibuliformis
crotalaria retusa
cyperus rotundus
cyrtanthus mackenii
daemia tomentosa
desmodium incanum
dianella ensifolia
dillenia indica
dillenia suffruticosa
dodonaea viscosa
eleocharis dulcis
elettaria cardamomum
eleusine indica
enterolobium cyclocarpum
equisetum ramosissimum
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia tithymaloides
evolvulus alsinoides
evolvulus glomeratus
ficus benghalensis
ficus benjamina
ficus microcarpa
ficus religiosa
forsskaolea tenacissima
gastrochilus obliquus
gliricidia sepium
gomphocarpus physocarpus
gossypium barbadense
grewia villosa
guazuma ulmifolia
guettarda speciosa
guizotia abyssinica
hedychium coronarium
helminthostachys zeylanica
hernandia nymphaeifolia
hevea brasiliensis
hippobroma longiflora
hiptage benghalensis
histiopteris incisa
hoya lacunosa
humata repens
huperzia squarrosa
hybanthus enneaspermus
hygrophila schulli
hypericum mysorense
impatiens balsamina
impatiens leptopoda
intsia bijuga
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea obscura
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea quamoclit
justicia adhatoda
kopsia fruticosa
kyllinga nemoralis
lagenaria siceraria
lagerstroemia indica
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
leucaena leucocephala
lindernia procumbens
ludwigia octovalvis
lumnitzera racemosa
malvaviscus penduliflorus
mangifera indica
melaleuca quinquenervia
melanthera biflora
melastoma malabathricum
melia azedarach
melianthus major
memecylon umbellatum
mimosa pudica
morinda citrifolia
murraya koenigii
murraya paniculata
musa ornata
myriophyllum aquaticum
najas marina
najas minor
nelumbo nucifera
nepenthes distillatoria
nymphaea nouchali
nymphoides hydrophylla
nypa fruticans
ochrosia oppositifolia
ocimum basilicum
oenothera rosea
osbeckia octandra
osbeckia parvifolia
osbeckia rubicunda
parochetus communis
pemphis acidula
peperomia blanda
phaius tankervilleae
phalaenopsis parishii
pipturus argenteus
pisonia grandis
pleopeltis macrocarpa
pseuderanthemum graciliflorum
psilotum nudum
ranunculus muricatus
rhizophora mucronata
rhododendron arboreum
rhodomyrtus tomentosa
rubus rosifolius
sageretia thea
saraca asoca
scaevola taccada
senna bicapsularis
senna italica
silene armeria
smilax aspera
solanum incanum
sonerila silvatica
sonneratia alba
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
striga asiatica
striga gesnerioides
strobilanthes viscosa
stuckenia pectinata
suaeda monoica
suriana maritima
syringodium isoetifolium
syzygium cumini
tacca leontopetaloides
talipariti tiliaceum
tamarindus indica
tectona grandis
terminalia catappa
thalassia hemprichii
thalassodendron ciliatum
thespesia populnea
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
thunbergia mysorensis
tournefortia argentea
tribulus terrestris
triumfetta rhomboidea
typha domingensis
vanilla planifolia
vigna luteola
vigna marina
vigna vexillata
vitex trifolia
withania somnifera
ximenia americana
xylocarpus granatum
xylocarpus moluccensis
