acacia karroo
actiniopteris semiflabellata
afzelia quanzensis
aloe dichotoma
aloe microstigma
aptosimum procumbens
arctotheca populifolia
argemone mexicana
babiana sambucina
ballota africana
boerhavia plumbaginea
bulbine frutescens
bulbinella cauda-felis
cheilanthes hirta
chrysanthemoides monilifera
corycium orobanchoides
cotula coronopifolia
crassula dichotoma
crassula orbicularis
crassula rupestris
cussonia spicata
cyathea capensis
cysticapnos vesicaria
dicerothamnus rhinocerotis
didelta carnosa
dimorphotheca pluvialis
dodonaea viscosa
drosera cistiflora
drosera trinervia
encephalartos lehmannii
erica cristiflora
erica plukenetii
euphorbia caput-medusae
euphorbia mauritanica
geissorhiza aspera
gerbera cordata
gladiolus caryophyllaceus
gladiolus venustus
gomphocarpus cancellatus
grewia robusta
grielum grandiflorum
hebenstretia dentata
hebenstretia robusta
heliophila coronopifolia
hydrocotyle verticillata
hyobanche sanguinea
ixia scillaris
justicia odora
lachenalia unifolia
lemna minor
lepisorus schraderi
lessertia frutescens
leucas capensis
limeum africanum
lyperia tristis
maireana brevifolia
manulea tomentosa
melianthus dregeanus
melianthus major
mesembryanthemum crystallinum
mohria caffrorum
montinia caryophyllacea
moquiniella rubra
moraea gawleri
moraea lugubris
moraea miniata
moraea polystachya
moraea tripetala
najas marina
nylandtia spinosa
nymania capensis
ornithogalum maculatum
ornithogalum thyrsoides
osyris lanceolata
oxalis pes-caprae
pelargonium abrotanifolium
pelargonium fulgidum
pelargonium peltatum
pelargonium triste
pellaea calomelanos
pellaea pteroides
phragmites australis
polygala myrtifolia
portulacaria afra
protea canaliculata
radyera urens
ranunculus multifidus
rhigozum obovatum
romulea tabularis
salvia africana-caerulea
salvia africana-lutea
satyrium erectum
searsia lancea
senna italica
stachys aethiopica
sterculia africana
stuckenia pectinata
tarchonanthus camphoratus
todea barbara
tribulus terrestris
tribulus zeyheri
tylecodon paniculatus
ursinia nana
utricularia bisquamata
viscum capense
wahlenbergia capensis
welwitschia mirabilis
willdenowia arescens
zantedeschia aethiopica
zygophyllum morgsana
zygophyllum simplex
