abutilon theophrasti
acacia mearnsii
acanthus mollis
acer campestre
acer pseudoplatanus
achyranthes aspera
adenocarpus foliolosus
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum hispidulum
adiantum incisum
adiantum philippense
adiantum reniforme
aegilops geniculata
aeonium arboreum
aeonium canariense
aeonium castello-paivae
aeonium glandulosum
aeonium glutinosum
aeonium goochiae
aeonium gorgoneum
aeonium haworthii
aeonium hierrense
aeonium lancerottense
aeonium lindleyi
aeonium mascaense
aeonium nobile
aeonium palmense
aeonium percarneum
aeonium rubrolineatum
aeonium sedifolium
aeonium simsii
aeonium spathulatum
aeonium tabuliforme
aeonium undulatum
aeonium urbicum
aeonium viscatum
aerva javanica
agapanthus praecox
agave americana
agave attenuata
ageratina adenophora
ageratina riparia
agrimonia eupatoria
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
aichryson divaricatum
aichryson laxum
aichryson porphyrogennetos
aichryson villosum
ailanthus altissima
aira caryophyllea
aira praecox
aizoon canariense
ajuga iva
albizia lebbeck
alisma lanceolatum
allagopappus dichotomus
allium neapolitanum
allium paniculatum
allium roseum
allium rotundum
allium sphaerocephalon
alnus cordata
alnus glutinosa
alnus incana
aloe arborescens
aloe vera
alopecurus geniculatus
alopecurus myosuroides
alopecurus pratensis
alpinia zerumbet
amaranthus albus
amaranthus blitoides
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus retroflexus
amaryllis belladonna
anagallis arvensis
anagallis foemina
anchusa azurea
andryala glandulosa
andryala pinnatifida
anethum graveolens
annona reticulata
anogramma leptophylla
anthemis arvensis
anthemis cotula
anthemis tinctoria
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
anthyllis lemanniana
antirrhinum majus
apium graveolens
apium repens
apollonias barbujana
aptenia cordifolia
aquilegia vulgaris
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis alpina
araujia sericifera
arbutus canariensis
arbutus unedo
arctium minus
arenaria serpyllifolia
argemone mexicana
argemone ochroleuca
argyranthemum foeniculaceum
argyranthemum frutescens
argyranthemum hierrense
argyranthemum maderense
argyranthemum pinnatifidum
armeria maderensis
armeria maritima
arnebia decumbens
artemisia gorgonum
arthrocnemum macrostachyum
arum italicum
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asparagus aethiopicus
asparagus horridus
asparagus squarrosus
asphodelus ramosus
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium hemionitis
asplenium septentrionale
asplenium trichomanes
asteriscus aquaticus
asteriscus graveolens
asteriscus intermedius
asteriscus sericeus
asteriscus spinosus
asteriscus vogelii
astydamia latifolia
athyrium filix-femina
atractylis arbuscula
atractylis preauxiana
atriplex halimus
atriplex patula
avena fatua
averrhoa bilimbi
ballota nigra
bartsia trixago
batrachium fluitans
batrachium peltatum
bellis annua
bellis perennis
bencomia caudata
beta vulgaris
bituminaria bituminosa
blackstonia perfoliata
blechnum spicant
bolboschoenus maritimus
borago officinalis
botrychium lunaria
brachypodium sylvaticum
briza maxima
briza media
bromus hordeaceus
bryonia verrucosa
bryophyllum pinnatum
buxus sempervirens
bystropogon origanifolius
caesalpinia gilliesii
caesalpinia pulcherrima
cakile maritima
calceolaria tripartita
calendula arvensis
calendula maderensis
calendula officinalis
callitriche stagnalis
calluna vulgaris
calotropis procera
calystegia sepium
calystegia soldanella
campanula bravensis
campanula jacobaea
camptoloma canariense
campylanthus salsoloides
canarina canariensis
capparis spinosa
capsella bursa-pastoris
capsella rubella
cardamine hirsuta
cardamine pratensis
cardiospermum grandiflorum
carduus squarrosus
carex antoniensis
carex bohemica
carex distans
carex divisa
carex extensa
carex lowei
carex otrubae
carex ovalis
carex panicea
carex paniculata
carex pendula
carex pilulifera
carex pseudocyperus
carex spicata
carica papaya
carlina salicifolia
carpobrotus edulis
carthamus lanatus
carthamus tinctorius
cascabela thevetia
castanea sativa
casuarina equisetifolia
catharanthus roseus
cedronella canariensis
celosia argentea
celtis australis
centaurium erythraea
centaurium maritimum
centaurium pulchellum
centaurium spicatum
centranthus ruber
cerastium arvense
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium holosteoides
ceratonia siliqua
ceratophyllum demersum
ceropegia dichotoma
ceropegia fusca
chamaecytisus proliferus
cheilanthes pteridioides
cheilanthes vellea
cheirolophus falcisectus
cheirolophus teydis
chelidonium majus
chenoleoides tomentosa
chenopodium album
chenopodium murale
chenopodium urbicum
chenopodium vulvaria
chondrilla juncea
chrysanthemum coronarium
cicendia filiformis
cicer arietinum
cichorium intybus
cirsium arvense
cirsium latifolium
cirsium palustre
cirsium vulgare
cistanche phelypaea
cistus ladanifer
cistus monspeliensis
cistus symphytifolius
cladium mariscus
clematis flammula
clethra arborea
clitoria ternatea
coffea arabica
colocasia esculenta
conium maculatum
consolida regalis
convolvulus althaeoides
convolvulus arvensis
convolvulus caput-medusae
convolvulus floridus
convolvulus lopezsocasi
conyza canadensis
conyza feae
conyza pannosa
conyza varia
corchorus depressus
coriandrum sativum
coronopus squamatus
corydalis lutea
cosmos bipinnatus
crassula multicava
crepis capillaris
crithmum maritimum
crotalaria retusa
cryptomeria japonica
cupressus sempervirens
cuscuta approximata
cyathea cooperi
cydonia oblonga
cymbalaria muralis
cynara cardunculus
cynoglossum creticum
cynomorium coccineum
cynosurus cristatus
cyperus capitatus
cyperus eragrostis
cyperus flavescens
cyperus fuscus
cyperus longus
cyperus michelianus
cyperus rotundus
cyrtomium falcatum
cystopteris fragilis
cytinus hypocistis
cytinus ruber
cytisus scoparius
dactylis glomerata
dactylorhiza foliosa
danthonia decumbens
daphne laureola
datura stramonium
daucus carota
davallia canariensis
delphinium staphisagria
dendriopoterium menendezii
digitalis purpurea
digitaria sanguinalis
diplazium caudatum
diplotaxis muralis
dipsacus fullonum
dittrichia viscosa
dodonaea viscosa
dorycnium spectabile
draba muralis
dracaena draco
dracaena tamaranae
dryopteris oligodonta
duchesnea indica
ecballium elaterium
echinochloa crus-galli
echium aculeatum
echium candicans
echium decaisnei
echium leucophaeum
echium nervosum
echium onosmifolium
echium plantagineum
echium simplex
echium stenosiphon
echium strictum
echium triste
echium virescens
echium vulcanorum
echium wildpretii
eleocharis palustris
eleusine indica
elytrigia repens
emilia coccinea
ephedra fragilis
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium obscurum
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
equisetum arvense
equisetum ramosissimum
equisetum telmateia
eragrostis minor
erica arborea
erica maderensis
erica scoparia
erigeron karvinskianus
eriobotrya japonica
erodium ciconium
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
eruca sativa
erysimum bicolor
erysimum caboverdeanum
erysimum scoparium
eschscholzia californica
euphorbia aphylla
euphorbia atropurpurea
euphorbia balsamifera
euphorbia canariensis
euphorbia exigua
euphorbia handiensis
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia marginata
euphorbia paralias
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia piscatoria
euphorbia regis-jubae
euphorbia tirucalli
euphorbia tuckeyana
evolvulus alsinoides
fagonia albiflora
fagonia cretica
fallopia convolvulus
ferula lancerottensis
ferula linkii
festuca arundinacea
festuca rubra
ficus carica
filago minima
filago pygmaea
filipendula vulgaris
forsskaolea procridifolia
fragaria vesca
frankenia ericifolia
frankenia hirsuta
fuchsia boliviana
fuchsia magellanica
fumaria capreolata
fumaria coccinea
fumaria officinalis
fumaria vaillantii
furcraea foetida
galactites tomentosus
galinsoga parviflora
galinsoga quadriradiata
galium aparine
galium murale
galium palustre
galium rotundifolium
galium saxatile
galium tricornutum
gennaria diphylla
geranium canariense
geranium dissectum
geranium lucidum
geranium maderense
geranium molle
geranium palmatum
geranium purpureum
geranium robertianum
gesnouinia arborea
gladiolus italicus
glaucium corniculatum
glaucium flavum
glechoma hederacea
gleditsia triacanthos
globularia amygdalifolia
globularia salicina
globularia sarcophylla
glyceria fluitans
greenovia aurea
greenovia dodrantalis
grevillea robusta
grewia villosa
gunnera tinctoria
habenaria tridactylites
hedera canariensis
hedera helix
hedychium gardnerianum
helianthemum gorgoneum
helianthus annuus
helianthus tuberosus
helichrysum devium
helichrysum foetidum
helichrysum gossypinum
helichrysum melaleucum
helichrysum obconicum
heliotropium europaeum
heliotropium ramosissimum
hibiscus rosa-sinensis
holcus lanatus
holcus mollis
hordeum murinum
hydrangea macrophylla
hydrocotyle vulgaris
hylocereus undatus
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hyoscyamus albus
hypericum canariense
hypericum glandulosum
hypericum grandifolium
hypericum humifusum
hypericum perforatum
hypericum reflexum
hypochaeris radicata
hypodematium crenatum
hypoestes verticillaris
ilex canariensis
illecebrum verticillatum
impatiens walleriana
indigofera tinctoria
ipomoea batatas
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea purpurea
isatis tinctoria
isolepis setacea
isoplexis canariensis
isoplexis chalcantha
isoplexis isabelliana
isoplexis sceptrum
jasminum azoricum
jasminum odoratissimum
jatropha curcas
jatropha gossypiifolia
juglans regia
juncus acutus
juncus articulatus
juncus bufonius
juncus bulbosus
juncus capitatus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus effusus
juncus inflexus
juncus maritimus
juncus tenuis
juniperus turbinata
kalanchoe fedtschenkoi
kickxia elatine
kickxia spuria
kleinia neriifolia
kochia scoparia
lactuca serriola
lactuca viminea
lagurus ovatus
lamarckia aurea
lamium amplexicaule
lamium purpureum
lantana camara
lantana montevidensis
lapsana communis
lastrea limbosperma
lathyrus aphaca
lathyrus cicera
lathyrus clymenum
lathyrus hirsutus
lathyrus japonicus
launaea arborescens
launaea gorgadensis
launaea picridioides
laurus azorica
laurus nobilis
lavandula buchii
lavandula minutolii
lavandula rotundifolia
lavandula stoechas
lavatera acerifolia
leersia oryzoides
legousia falcata
lemna gibba
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lens culinaris
leontodon hispidus
lepidium campestre
lepidium ruderale
lepidium sativum
leptospermum scoparium
leucaena leucocephala
leucanthemum vulgare
leucosinapis alba
leycesteria formosa
ligustrum vulgare
limonium brassicifolium
limonium braunii
limonium brunneri
limonium papillatum
limonium pectinatum
limonium puberulum
limonium redivivum
limonium sinuatum
limonium spectabile
limonium sventenii
limonium tuberculatum
linum bienne
linum strictum
linum usitatissimum
lithospermum arvense
littorella uniflora
lobelia urens
lobularia maritima
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera japonica
lophospermum erubescens
lotus angustissimus
lotus arinagensis
lotus corniculatus
lotus eremiticus
lotus lancerottensis
lotus maculatus
lotus pyranthus
lotus uliginosus
ludwigia octovalvis
lunaria annua
luzula campestris
luzula multiflora
luzula pilosa
lycium intricatum
lycopodiella cernua
lycopodiella inundata
lycopus europaeus
lysimachia nemorum
lythrum hyssopifolia
maclura pomifera
maireana brevifolia
majorana hortensis
malva alcea
malva neglecta
malva pusilla
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
marsilea quadrifolia
matricaria recutita
matthiola maderensis
medicago arabica
medicago lupulina
medicago marina
medicago minima
medicago sativa
melia azedarach
melilotus albus
melissa officinalis
mentha aquatica
mentha longifolia
mercurialis annua
merremia aegyptia
mesembryanthemum crystallinum
mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
metrosideros excelsa
micromeria benthamii
micromeria forbesii
micromeria helianthemifolia
micromeria lanata
micromeria pineolens
micromeria varia
misopates orontium
moehringia trinervia
monanthes anagensis
monanthes laxiflora
monanthes polyphylla
monstera deliciosa
morus nigra
musa acuminata
muscari comosum
musschia wollastonii
myosotis arvensis
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis discolor
myosotis ramosissima
myrica faya
myriophyllum alterniflorum
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum spicatum
myrsine africana
myrtus communis
nardus stricta
nasturtium officinale
neatostema apulum
neochamaelea pulverulenta
neotinea maculata
nephrolepis undulata
nerium oleander
neurada procumbens
nicandra physalodes
nicotiana glauca
nigella damascena
notholaena marantae
nothoscordum gracile
notobasis syriaca
nymphaea alba
ocotea foetens
odontites holliana
oenothera biennis
oenothera glazioviana
oenothera rosea
olea europaea
ononis angustissima
ononis tournefortii
ophioglossum vulgatum
ophrys bombyliflora
opuntia ficus-indica
orchis canariensis
orchis scopulorum
origanum vulgare
ornithogalum nutans
orobanche hederae
orobanche lavandulacea
orobanche purpurea
orobanche ramosa
oryza sativa
osmunda regalis
osyris lanceolata
oxalis articulata
oxalis corniculata
oxalis debilis
oxalis latifolia
oxalis pes-caprae
pancratium maritimum
panicum capillare
panicum miliaceum
papaver argemone
papaver dubium
papaver rhoeas
papaver somniferum
parapholis incurva
paraserianthes lophantha
parentucellia latifolia
parentucellia viscosa
parietaria judaica
parkinsonia aculeata
parolinia glabriuscula
paronychia argentea
paronychia canariensis
parthenocissus tricuspidata
patellifolia patellaris
patellifolia procumbens
pelargonium peltatum
pellaea viridis
pericallis aurita
pericallis echinata
pericallis lanata
pericallis murrayi
pericallis papyracea
pericallis webbii
periploca chevalieri
periploca laevigata
persicaria capitata
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria maculosa
persicaria serrulata
petrorhagia prolifera
petroselinum crispum
phagnalon melanoleucum
phagnalon rupestre
phagnalon saxatile
phalaris canariensis
phleum pratense
phlomis fruticosa
phoenix atlantica
phoenix canariensis
phoenix dactylifera
phormium tenax
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phyllis nobla
phyllitis scolopendrium
physalis alkekengi
physalis peruviana
picris hieracioides
pinus canariensis
pinus halepensis
pistacia atlantica
pistacia lentiscus
pistia stratiotes
pisum sativum
pittosporum tobira
plantago afra
plantago albicans
plantago arborescens
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago leiopetala
plantago major
plantago ovata
plantago webbii
plocama pendula
plumbago auriculata
poa annua
poa bulbosa
poa pratensis
poa trivialis
polycarpaea aristata
polycarpaea nivea
polygala serpyllifolia
polygala vulgaris
polygonum arenastrum
polygonum equisetiforme
polygonum maritimum
polypodium macaronesicum
polystichum aculeatum
polystichum falcinellum
populus alba
portulaca oleracea
potamogeton lucens
potamogeton nodosus
potamogeton polygonifolius
potamogeton trichoides
potentilla erecta
potentilla reptans
prasium majus
prunella vulgaris
prunus dulcis
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
psidium cattleianum
psidium guajava
psilotum nudum
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
pterocephalus dumetorum
pterocephalus lasiospermus
pterocephalus virens
pulegium vulgare
pulicaria canariensis
punica granatum
pyrostegia venusta
quercus ilex
quercus robur
quercus suber
radiola linoides
ranunculus arvensis
ranunculus cortusifolius
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus muricatus
ranunculus ophioglossifolius
ranunculus repens
reichardia ligulata
reichardia tingitana
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
retama raetam
rhamnus alaternus
rhus coriaria
ricinus communis
robinia pseudacacia
romulea grandiscapa
rosa canina
rosmarinus officinalis
rubia peregrina
rubus ulmifolius
rumex acetosella
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
rumex lunaria
rumex obtusifolius
ruscus aculeatus
ruscus hypoglossum
russelia equisetiformis
ruta chalepensis
ruta graveolens
ruta oreojasme
saccharum officinarum
sagina procumbens
salix euxina
salsola vermiculata
salvia broussonetii
salvia canariensis
salvia coccinea
salvia verbenaca
salvinia natans
sambucus nigra
samolus valerandi
sanguisorba minor
sarcocornia fruticosa
sarcocornia perennis
sarcostemma daltonii
saxifraga maderensis
scandix pecten-veneris
schizogyne glaberrima
schizogyne sericea
scilla haemorrhoidalis
scilla peruviana
scirpoides holoschoenus
scleranthus annuus
scolymus hispanicus
scolymus maculatus
scorpiurus muricatus
scrophularia calliantha
scrophularia glabrata
sechium edule
sedum farinosum
selaginella denticulata
selaginella selaginoides
semele androgyna
senecio aquaticus
senecio elegans
senecio hermosae
senecio leucanthemifolius
senecio sylvaticus
senecio vulgaris
senna bicapsularis
senna didymobotrya
senna italica
senna obtusifolia
serapias parviflora
sesleria caerulea
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
sherardia arvensis
sibthorpia peregrina
sideritis candicans
sideritis dasygnaphala
sideritis discolor
sideritis macrostachys
sideroxylon marginatum
silene colorata
silene conica
silene gallica
silene nutans
silene uniflora
silene vulgaris
silybum marianum
sinapidendron frutescens
sinapis arvensis
sisymbrium officinale
smilax aspera
solandra maxima
solanum lidii
solanum linnaeanum
solanum lycopersicum
solanum marginatum
solanum mauritianum
solanum nigrum
solanum vespertilio
solidago gigantea
sonchus acaulis
sonchus asper
sonchus fruticosus
sonchus hierrensis
sonchus oleraceus
sonchus platylepis
sorbus aria
sparaxis bulbifera
spartium junceum
spergularia fimbriata
spergularia maritima
spergularia salina
stachys germanica
stachys ocymastrum
stellaria alsine
stellaria media
stellaria pallida
striga gesnerioides
suaeda monoica
suaeda vera
suaeda vermiculata
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
symphyotrichum squamatum
tagetes patula
tamarindus indica
tamarix africana
tamarix canariensis
tamus edulis
taraxacum sect
taxus baccata
tecoma capensis
teline canariensis
teline maderensis
teline nervosa
terminalia catappa
teucrium betonicum
teucrium heterophyllum
teucrium scorodonia
theligonum cynocrambe
thelypteris dentata
thlaspi arvense
thymus caespititius
thymus vulgaris
tolpis barbata
tolpis macrorhiza
torilis arvensis
tornabenea bischoffii
tornabenea humilis
tornabenea tenuissima
trachelium caeruleum
traganum moquinii
tragopogon hybridus
tragopogon porrifolius
tribulus cistoides
tribulus terrestris
trichomanes speciosum
tridax procumbens
trifolium arvense
trifolium aureum
trifolium campestre
trifolium dubium
trifolium fragiferum
trifolium incarnatum
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium resupinatum
trifolium stellatum
trifolium striatum
trigonella stellata
tripleurospermum inodorum
triticum aestivum
triumfetta rhomboidea
tropaeolum majus
tuberaria guttata
tuberaria lignosa
typha domingensis
ulex europaeus
ulmus minor
umbilicus heylandianus
umbilicus horizontalis
umbilicus rupestris
umbilicus schmidtii
urena lobata
urtica urens
vaccaria hispanica
valantia hispida
valerianella dentata
valerianella locusta
verbascum cystolithicum
verbascum thapsus
verbena officinalis
verbena rigida
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica beccabunga
veronica officinalis
veronica persica
veronica polita
veronica serpyllifolia
vicia angustifolia
vicia hirsuta
vicia lutea
vicia sativa
vicia tetrasperma
vicia villosa
vieraea laevigata
vinca major
viola anagae
viola arvensis
viola kitaibeliana
viola odorata
viola palustris
viola paradoxa
viola riviniana
viola tricolor
vitis vinifera
withania aristata
withania somnifera
wolffia arrhiza
woodwardia radicans
xanthium spinosum
xanthium strumarium
zannichellia palustris
zea mays
zinnia peruviana
zygophyllum fontanesii
zygophyllum simplex
zygophyllum waterlotii
