acaena novae-zelandiae
agrostemma githago
agrostis stolonifera
alisma lanceolatum
amaranthus caudatus
amaryllis belladonna
anthemis cotula
arctotheca populifolia
argemone mexicana
asphodelus fistulosus
atriplex holocarpa
bacopa monnieri
baeometra uniflora
boerhavia coccinea
bromus japonicus
cannabis sativa
carpobrotus aequilaterus
casuarina cunninghamiana
centaurea melitensis
chrysanthemoides monilifera
coriandrum sativum
cotula coronopifolia
cotyledon orbiculata
cyathea cooperi
cynodon dactylon
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
disphyma australe
eleusine indica
epilobium ciliatum
euphorbia hirta
fallopia convolvulus
ferraria crispa
festuca arundinacea
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
fumaria capreolata
geranium molle
gladiolus caryophyllaceus
histiopteris incisa
hydrocotyle verticillata
lagunaria patersonia
lemna minor
leonotis leonurus
lobularia maritima
maireana brevifolia
melaleuca nesophila
melianthus major
moraea flaccida
moraea miniata
myoporum insulare
najas marina
narcissus tazetta
oxalis radicosa
paraserianthes lophantha
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phleum pratense
prosopis pallida
reichardia picroides
rubus ulmifolius
rumex crispus
senecio elegans
sisymbrium orientale
sparaxis bulbifera
stellaria pallida
stuckenia pectinata
symphyotrichum squamatum
trifolium dubium
trifolium striatum
wahlenbergia capensis
wigandia urens
zantedeschia aethiopica

