acacia collinsii
acacia mearnsii
acacia retinodes
acaena cylindristachya
acaena elongata
acalypha hispida
acanthocereus tetragonus
achyranthes aspera
acianthera cogniauxiana
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum philippense
aechmea bracteata
aechmea nudicaulis
agave americana
ageratina adenophora
ageratina riparia
ageratum conyzoides
agrostis stolonifera
albizia lebbeck
albizia saman
aleurites moluccana
alisma plantago-aquatica
allamanda cathartica
alnus acuminata
alpinia purpurata
alpinia zerumbet
alternanthera pungens
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
ambrosia artemisiifolia
amphilophium crucigerum
amphitecna latifolia
anacardium occidentale
anagallis arvensis
ananas comosus
angelonia gardneri
annona muricata
annona reticulata
anthoxanthum odoratum
antigonon leptopus
apeiba tibourbou
arachis hypogaea
arachis pintoi
araujia sericifera
arcytophyllum lavarum
ardisia copeyana
ardisia elliptica
argemone mexicana
argemone ochroleuca
aristolochia arborea
aristolochia tricaudata
arthrostemma ciliatum
arundina graminifolia
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asparagus aethiopicus
asystasia gangetica
athyrium filix-femina
averrhoa bilimbi
avicennia germinans
bacopa monnieri
barleria oenotheroides
barringtonia asiatica
bauhinia monandra
bidens alba
bixa orellana
blakea anomala
blakea grandiflora
blakea litoralis
blakea scarlatina
bocconia frutescens
boerhavia coccinea
bomarea andreana
bomarea hirsuta
bonellia nervosa
botrychium virginianum
brahea armata
brassavola nodosa
brassia verrucosa
briza maxima
brownea macrophylla
buddleja nitida
bursera simaruba
byrsonima crassifolia
caesalpinia bonduc
caesalpinia decapetala
caesalpinia pulcherrima
calathea lutea
calceolaria irazuensis
calceolaria tripartita
calliandra haematocephala
calophyllum inophyllum
calotropis gigantea
calotropis procera
canavalia rosea
canna glauca
cannabis sativa
capsicum pubescens
cardamine hirsuta
cardiospermum grandiflorum
carex echinata
carica papaya
carludovica palmata
cascabela thevetia
cassytha filiformis
castilleja irasuensis
casuarina equisetifolia
catharanthus roseus
cavendishia bracteata
cavendishia capitulata
cavendishia complectens
cavendishia quereme
cavendishia wercklei
cecropia angustifolia
cecropia insignis
cecropia obtusifolia
cecropia peltata
cedrela odorata
celosia argentea
centropogon cornutus
centropogon granulosus
centropogon solanifolius
cerastium holosteoides
ceratophyllum demersum
chamaecrista nictitans
chenopodium album
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium murale
chrysobalanus icaco
chrysothemis friedrichsthaliana
chusquea subtessellata
cirsium subcoriaceum
citrus maxima
clerodendrum speciosissimum
clethra lanata
clidemia hirta
clitoria ternatea
cnicus benedictus
cobaea scandens
coccinia grandis
coccoloba uvifera
cochlospermum vitifolium
cocos nucifera
codiaeum variegatum
coffea arabica
colobanthus quitensis
colocasia esculenta
colubrina asiatica
comarostaphylis arbutoides
conocarpus erectus
conostegia oerstediana
conostegia subcrustulata
corallorhiza maculata
cordia alliodora
cordia sebestena
coriandrum sativum
coriaria ruscifolia
cosmos bipinnatus
costus pulverulentus
costus woodsonii
couroupita guianensis
crescentia alata
crescentia cujete
crinum erubescens
crotalaria retusa
cuphea ignea
cuphea micropetala
cupressus lusitanica
cynara cardunculus
cynodon dactylon
cyperus flavescens
cyperus rotundus
cyrilla racemiflora
cyrtomium falcatum
cystopteris fragilis
dactylis glomerata
datura stramonium
delonix regia
desmodium incanum
desmopsis bibracteata
dianella ensifolia
dicranopteris linearis
dillenia suffruticosa
diphasiastrum thyoides
diplostephium costaricense
diplotaxis muralis
dodonaea viscosa
drymonia rubra
duranta erecta
eleocharis acicularis
eleusine indica
emilia coccinea
emilia fosbergii
enterolobium cyclocarpum
epidendrum ciliare
epidendrum exasperatum
epidendrum ibaguense
epidendrum parkinsonianum
epilobium ciliatum
eragrostis minor
erechtites hieraciifolius
erigeron annuus
erigeron karvinskianus
eriobotrya japonica
eryngium carlinae
erythrina crista-galli
erythrina poeppigiana
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia esula
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia milii
euphorbia pulcherrima
euphorbia punicea
euphorbia tirucalli
euphorbia tithymaloides
evolvulus alsinoides
evolvulus glomeratus
falcaria vulgaris
fallopia aubertii
festuca arundinacea
ficus carica
ficus microcarpa
fragaria vesca
freesia laxa
fuchsia boliviana
fuchsia microphylla
fuchsia paniculata
furcraea foetida
gaiadendron punctatum
galinsoga parviflora
galphimia gracilis
garcinia mangostana
gaultheria erecta
gaultheria myrsinoides
gentiana sedifolia
geranium guatemalense
geranium molle
glandularia bipinnatifida
gliricidia sepium
glossoloma ichthyoderma
gomphocarpus physocarpus
gossypium barbadense
guaiacum officinale
guarianthe aurantiaca
guarianthe skinneri
guazuma ulmifolia
gunnera insignis
gurania makoyana
gynerium sagittatum
halenia rhyacophila
handroanthus ochraceus
hedychium gardnerianum
heisteria macrophylla
helianthemum glomeratum
helianthus annuus
helianthus tuberosus
heliconia bihai
heliconia danielsiana
heliconia mariae
heliconia psittacorum
heliconia rostrata
heliconia subulata
heliconia wagneriana
hemichaena fruticosa
heterocentron subtriplinervium
heterotis rotundifolia
hibiscus schizopetalus
hippobroma longiflora
hippomane mancinella
hiptage benghalensis
histiopteris incisa
hoffmannia congesta
huperzia talamancana
hydrangea macrophylla
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle verticillata
hylocereus undatus
hymenaea courbaril
hymenocallis littoralis
hymenophyllum hirsutum
hymenophyllum polyanthos
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hypericum costaricense
hypericum gnidioides
hypericum irazuense
impatiens walleriana
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea batatas
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea lobata
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea purpurea
ipomoea quamoclit
jacaranda mimosifolia
jamesonia scammaniae
jasminum fluminense
jatropha curcas
jatropha gossypiifolia
jatropha integerrima
jatropha podagrica
jessea megaphylla
juncus tenuis
justicia aurea
kalanchoe delagoensis
kalanchoe fedtschenkoi
kohleria spicata
kohleria tigridia
kyllinga nemoralis
lachemilla pectinata
lachemilla standleyi
lactuca serriola
lamarckia aurea
lantana camara
lantana montevidensis
lepidium ruderale
leucaena leucocephala
liquidambar styraciflua
lobelia laxiflora
lockhartia amoena
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera japonica
lophospermum erubescens
ludwigia octovalvis
luehea speciosa
lupinus clarkii
lupinus costaricensis
luzula multiflora
lycopodiella cernua
lycopodium clavatum
mahonia volcanica
maianthemum paniculatum
malvaviscus penduliflorus
manihot esculenta
maxillaria endresii
maxillariella sanguinea
maxillariella variabilis
megaskepasma erythrochlamys
melaleuca quinquenervia
melia azedarach
melica altissima
merremia aegyptia
mesembryanthemum crystallinum
mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
miconia argentea
mimosa pudica
monnina crepinii
monnina parasylvatica
monnina xalapensis
monochaetum amabile
monochaetum floribundum
monochaetum vulcanicum
monopyle maxonii
monotropa hypopitys
monotropa uniflora
monstera deliciosa
mucuna urens
muntingia calabura
myriophyllum aquaticum
myristica fragrans
myrrhidendron donnellsmithii
najas marina
nertera granadensis
nicandra physalodes
nicotiana glauca
nothoscordum gracile
nymphaea pulchella
oenothera rosea
opuntia ficus-indica
oreopanax xalapensis
orobanche ramosa
orthilia secunda
osmunda regalis
oxalis corniculata
oxalis debilis
oxalis fontana
oxalis latifolia
pachira quinata
pandanus utilis
panicum capillare
parapholis incurva
parkinsonia aculeata
parthenocissus quinquefolia
passiflora foetida
passiflora vitifolia
pelargonium peltatum
pentacalia firmipes
peperomia blanda
persea americana
persicaria serrulata
petrea volubilis
phaius tankervilleae
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phaseolus coccineus
phaseolus lunatus
phaseolus vulgaris
phleum pratense
phoradendron quadrangulare
phragmipedium longifolium
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phymatosorus scolopendria
physalis peruviana
phytolacca icosandra
phytolacca rugosa
pinus devoniana
pinus hartwegii
pinus jaliscana
pinus pseudostrobus
pistia stratiotes
pithecellobium unguis-cati
platystele compacta
platystele oxyglossa
pleopeltis macrocarpa
pleurothallis cardiothallis
pleurothallis eumecocaulon
plumeria rubra
polygonum arenastrum
pontederia cordata
potamogeton nodosus
prosopis pallida
prosthechea chacaoensis
prunus serotina
pseudobombax ellipticum
pseudobombax septenatum
pseudogynoxys chenopodioides
psidium guajava
psilotum nudum
psittacanthus schiedeanus
psychopsis papilio
psychotria elata
psychotria poeppigiana
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
puya dasylirioides
pyrostegia venusta
quercus costaricensis
quercus oleoides
ranunculus peruvianus
raphia taedigera
razisea spicata
renealmia cernua
restrepiella ophiocephala
rhizophora mangle
ricinus communis
rorippa palustris
roupala montana
rubus rosifolius
rubus ulmifolius
ruellia tuberosa
rumex acetosella
rumex crispus
rumex obtusifolius
rumohra adiantiformis
russelia equisetiformis
ruta chalepensis
saccharum officinarum
sagittaria lancifolia
salvia coccinea
sambucus nigra
sandoricum koetjape
sarcocornia perennis
satyria warszewiczii
schefflera actinophylla
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
sechium edule
securidaca sylvestris
selenicereus anthonyanus
selenicereus testudo
selenicereus wercklei
semialarium mexicanum
senecio inaequidens
senecio oerstedianus
senecio vulgaris
senna bicapsularis
senna didymobotrya
senna italica
senna obtusifolia
senna sophera
senna surattensis
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
sisyrinchium chiricanum
sobralia macrantha
solandra maxima
solanum lycopersicum
solenophora calycosa
sonchus oleraceus
spathiphyllum friedrichsthalii
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
sprekelia formosissima
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stapelia gigantea
stigmaphyllon ellipticum
suriana maritima
swietenia macrophylla
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum squamatum
syzygium cumini
syzygium jambos
syzygium malaccense
tabebuia pallida
tabebuia rosea
tagetes patula
talipariti tiliaceum
tamarindus indica
tecoma capensis
tecoma stans
terminalia catappa
thelypteris dentata
thelypteris interrupta
thelypteris palustris
theobroma cacao
thespesia populnea
thibaudia costaricensis
thunbergia alata
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
tibouchina heteromalla
tillandsia brachycaulos
tillandsia compressa
tillandsia usneoides
tribulus cistoides
trichopilia suavis
tridax procumbens
trimezia martinicensis
triplaris melaenodendron
triumfetta rhomboidea
tropaeolum majus
turnera ulmifolia
typha domingensis
ugni myricoides
ulex europaeus
urena lobata
urospatha friedrichsthalii
vaccinium caespitosum
vaccinium consanguineum
vaccinium poasanum
vaccinium talamancense
valeriana prionophylla
vanilla planifolia
verbena officinalis
verbena rigida
veronica peregrina
vigna luteola
vigna marina
vigna vexillata
viola stipularis
vriesea ororiensis
werneria nubigena
wigandia urens
wullschlaegelia aphylla
xanthosoma undipes
ximenia americana
zamia furfuracea
zantedeschia aethiopica
zea mays
zinnia elegans
zinnia peruviana
