abutilon mauritianum
acacia confusa
acacia heterophylla
acacia mangium
acacia mearnsii
acacia retinodes
actiniopteris semiflabellata
adansonia digitata
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum hispidulum
adiantum reniforme
aerva javanica
agarista buxifolia
agarista salicifolia
ageratina riparia
albizia lebbeck
albizia saman
aldrovanda vesiculosa
allamanda cathartica
aloe descoingsii
aloe haworthioides
alstonia macrophylla
anacardium occidentale
angelonia gardneri
annona muricata
annona reticulata
anthrophyum boryanum
antigonon leptopus
aphloia theiformis
ardisia crenata
argemone mexicana
argemone ochroleuca
arthropteris orientalis
arundina graminifolia
asclepias curassavica
asplenium anisophyllum
asplenium nidus
asplenium polyodon
asplenium unilaterale
astelia hemichrysa
asystasia gangetica
atriplex halimus
averrhoa bilimbi
averrhoa carambola
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
barringtonia asiatica
bauhinia monandra
blechnum punctulatum
boehmeria penduliflora
boerhavia coccinea
boerhavia plumbaginea
brillantaisia owariensis
bruguiera gymnorhiza
bryophyllum pinnatum
caesalpinia decapetala
caesalpinia pulcherrima
calanthe sylvatica
calophyllum inophyllum
calotropis gigantea
camellia sinensis
cananga odorata
canavalia cathartica
canavalia rosea
canna glauca
carissa spinarum
cascabela thevetia
cassytha filiformis
casuarina equisetifolia
catharanthus roseus
celosia argentea
ceratophyllum demersum
ceratopteris cornuta
ceriops tagal
chadsia grevei
chamaecrista nictitans
cheilanthes hirta
cheilanthes quadripinnata
chenopodium murale
chrysobalanus icaco
cinnamomum verum
cissus quadrangularis
citrus maxima
clematis mauritiana
clidemia hirta
clitoria ternatea
cocos nucifera
coffea arabica
colea seychellarum
colubrina asiatica
commelina africana
cordia africana
cordia sebestena
cordia subcordata
cordyline mauritiana
costularia hornei
crinum asiaticum
cuphea ignea
curculigo seychellensis
cussonia spicata
cyathea borbonica
cyathea cooperi
cyathea dregei
cyathea excelsa
cyathea glauca
cyathea sechellarum
cynorkis fastigiata
cynorkis hologlossa
cynorkis paradoxa
cynorkis squamosa
cyperus rotundus
cyrtanthus mackenii
dactylis glomerata
deckenia nobilis
delonix regia
dendrobium crumenatum
desmodium incanum
dianella ensifolia
dicranopteris cadetii
dicranopteris linearis
dillenia ferruginea
dillenia suffruticosa
diospyros seychellarum
dodonaea viscosa
dombeya ciliata
dombeya ferruginea
dombeya punctata
dracaena reflexa
dypsis lutescens
dypsis madagascariensis
elaphoglossum hybridum
eleocharis dulcis
elettaria cardamomum
eleusine indica
emilia coccinea
equisetum arvense
equisetum ramosissimum
erica galioides
erica reunionensis
erigeron karvinskianus
eriocaulon striatum
erythroxylum sechellarum
etlingera elatior
eugenia buxifolia
eulophia livingstoneana
euphorbia decaryi
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia milii
euphorbia tirucalli
evolvulus alsinoides
evolvulus glomeratus
faujasia salicifolia
forgesia racemosa
fuchsia boliviana
fuchsia magellanica
furcraea foetida
gaertnera vaginata
garcinia mangostana
gastonia crassa
gastonia cutispongia
geranium arabicum
gerbera piloselloides
gladiolus dalenii
gleichenia polypodioides
glionnetia sericea
gliricidia sepium
guettarda speciosa
hedychium gardnerianum
helichrysum foetidum
helictotrichon elongatum
hernandia nymphaeifolia
heterotis rotundifolia
hibiscus boryanus
hibiscus calyphyllus
hibiscus schizopetalus
hippobroma longiflora
hiptage benghalensis
histiopteris incisa
hubertia ambavilla
hubertia tomentosa
humata repens
huperzia gnidioides
huperzia ophioglossoides
huperzia squarrosa
hybanthus enneaspermus
hydrocotyle verticillata
hymenophyllum hirsutum
hymenophyllum polyanthos
hyophorbe indica
hyophorbe lagenicaulis
hyophorbe verschaffeltii
hypericum lanceolatum
hypoxidia rhizophylla
hypoxis angustifolia
impatiens flaccida
impatiens walleriana
indigofera tinctoria
intsia bijuga
ipomoea obscura
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea quamoclit
jasminum fluminense
jatropha gossypiifolia
juncus inflexus
kalanchoe delagoensis
kalanchoe fedtschenkoi
kyllinga nemoralis
lactuca inermis
lantana camara
lapsana communis
latania lontaroides
lemna trisulca
lepisorus excavatus
lepisorus schraderi
leucaena leucocephala
lodoicea maldivica
lonicera japonica
lophospermum erubescens
ludwigia octovalvis
lumnitzera racemosa
lycopodiella cernua
lycopodium clavatum
machaerina iridifolia
malaxis seychellarum
mangifera indica
manihot esculenta
mapania floribunda
martellidendron hornei
memecylon caeruleum
memecylon elaeagni
mimosa pudica
mimusops sechellarum
myriophyllum aquaticum
myristica fragrans
najas marina
nastus borbonicus
nepenthes pervillei
nephrolepis abrupta
nephrolepis undulata
nephrosperma van-houtteanum
nesocodon mauritianus
northia seychellana
nymphaea nouchali
nymphoides thunbergiana
ochrosia oppositifolia
oenothera rosea
oleandra distenta
oxalis latifolia
pandanus balfourii
pandanus montanus
pandanus multispicatus
pandanus purpurascens
pandanus sechellarum
pandanus utilis
paragenipa lancifolia
passiflora foetida
pellaea calomelanos
pellaea viridis
pentas lanceolata
peperomia blanda
persea americana
persicaria capitata
phoenicophorium borsigianum
phoenix reclinata
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phylica nitida
phyllanthus pervilleanus
phymatosorus scolopendria
piper nigrum
pipturus argenteus
pisonia grandis
pistia stratiotes
pithecellobium unguis-cati
pittosporum senacia
pittosporum wrightii
planchonella obovata
pleopeltis macrocarpa
polygala lancifolia
polyscias bernieri
polyscias repanda
potamogeton nodosus
pseudogynoxys chenopodioides
psiadia anchusifolia
psiadia argentea
psiadia arguta
psiadia callocephala
psiadia dentata
psidium cattleianum
psilotum nudum
pteris quadriaurita
pteris vittata
ptisana fraxinea
pyrostria bibracteata
raphia farinifera
ravenala madagascariensis
rhizophora mucronata
rhoicissus revoilii
roscheria melanochaetes
rubus rosifolius
rumex acetosella
rumex crispus
rumohra adiantiformis
salvia coccinea
sandoricum koetjape
sarcostemma viminale
scaevola taccada
schizaea confusa
schoenoplectus supinus
sechium edule
selaginella fissidentoides
selaginella fruticulosa
selaginella imbricata
selaginella obtusa
selaginella viridula
senna didymobotrya
senna surattensis
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
sideroxylon inerme
solanum mauritianum
sonneratia alba
sophora denudata
soulamea terminalioides
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stoebe passerinoides
striga asiatica
strychnos spinosa
suriana maritima
syringodium isoetifolium
syzygium aromaticum
syzygium cumini
syzygium cymosum
syzygium jambos
syzygium wrightii
tabebuia pallida
tacca leontopetaloides
talipariti tiliaceum
tamarindus indica
tecoma stans
terminalia catappa
thalassia hemprichii
thalassodendron ciliatum
thelypteris interrupta
theobroma cacao
thespesia populnea
thunbergia grandiflora
tibouchina urvilleana
timonius sechellensis
tournefortia argentea
tribulus cistoides
trichomanes cupressoides
tridax procumbens
turnera ulmifolia
typha domingensis
typhonodorum lindleyanum
uncarina grandidieri
urena lobata
utricularia bisquamata
vanilla phalaenopsis
vanilla planifolia
verbascum thapsus
verbena rigida
verschaffeltia splendida
vigna luteola
vigna marina
vigna vexillata
viola abyssinica
viscum triflorum
wolffia arrhiza
xerosicyos danguyi
xylocarpus granatum
xylocarpus moluccensis
zantedeschia aethiopica
