abies amabilis
abies concolor
abies grandis
abies lasiocarpa
abies procera
abronia latifolia
acer circinatum
acer glabrum
acer macrophyllum
acer negundo
acer pseudoplatanus
achillea alpina
achlys triphylla
actaea rubra
adiantum pedatum
agastache foeniculum
agoseris aurantiaca
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
allium cernuum
allium schoenoprasum
allium textile
allotropa virgata
alnus incana
alnus rubra
alnus sinuata
alyssum alyssoides
amaranthus caudatus
ambrosia artemisiifolia
ambrosia chamissonis
amelanchier alnifolia
amerorchis rotundifolia
amerosedum divergens
amerosedum lanceolatum
amorpha fruticosa
androsace lehmanniana
anemone canadensis
anemone drummondii
anemone multifida
angelica lucida
antennaria racemosa
anthemis cotula
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
apocynum androsaemifolium
aquilegia flavescens
aquilegia formosa
arabis hirsuta
aralia nudicaulis
arbutus menziesii
arceuthobium americanum
arctium minus
arctostaphylos columbiana
arctostaphylos patula
arctostaphylos uva-ursi
arctous alpina
arctous ruber
arenaria serpyllifolia
armeria scabra
arnica angustifolia
arnica cordifolia
artemisia absinthium
artemisia borealis
artemisia frigida
artemisia ludoviciana
artemisia tridentata
asarum caudatum
asclepias speciosa
asplenium 
asplenium trichomanes
astragalus agrestis
astragalus alpinus
astragalus americanus
astragalus crassicarpus
astragalus drummondii
astragalus gilviflorus
atriplex oblongifolia
atriplex patula
atriplex rosea
avena fatua
balsamorhiza sagittata
batrachium aquatile
boechera lyallii
bolboschoenus maritimus
botrychium minganense
botrychium virginianum
bouteloua gracilis
brickellia grandiflora
brodiaea coronaria
cakile edentula
callitriche palustris
calluna vulgaris
calochortus apiculatus
calochortus macrocarpus
caltha leptosepala
calypso bulbosa
calystegia soldanella
campanula lasiocarpa
canadanthus modestus
cannabis sativa
caragana arborescens
carduus nutans
carex arctogena
carex aurea
carex bicolor
carex capitata
carex echinata
carex filifolia
carex inops
carex lachenalii
carex macrocephala
carex maritima
carex mertensii
carex microglochin
carex obtusata
carex ovalis
cassiope tetragona
castilleja miniata
castilleja occidentalis
castilleja parviflora
centaurea cyanus
centaurea macrocephala
centranthus ruber
cerastium semidecandrum
ceratophyllum demersum
chamaecyparis nootkatensis
chelidonium majus
chenopodium capitatum
chimaphila umbellata
chrysothamnus viscidiflorus
cicuta douglasii
cicuta maculata
cirsium brevistylum
cirsium drummondii
cirsium edule
cirsium foliosum
cirsium undulatum
cirsium vulgare
claytonia lanceolata
clematis ligusticifolia
clematis occidentalis
cleome lutea
clintonia uniflora
cochlearia groenlandica
cogswellia macrocarpa
cogswellia nudicaulis
cogswellia triternata
collomia linearis
conyza canadensis
coptis trifolia
corallorhiza maculata
corallorhiza mertensiana
corallorhiza striata
corallorhiza trifida
coriandrum sativum
cornus canadensis
cornus suecica
corrigiola litoralis
corydalis aurea
corydalis sempervirens
cotula coronopifolia
crataegus douglasii
crepis pulchra
crepis setosa
cryptogramma acrostichoides
cuscuta approximata
cuscuta epithymum
cypripedium guttatum
cypripedium parviflorum
cypripedium passerinum
dactylis glomerata
dalea candida
darmera peltata
delphinium nuttallianum
deschampsia cespitosa
descurainia sophia
dieteria canescens
diphasiastrum alpinum
diplacus cusickioides
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dodecatheon jeffreyi
drosera anglica
drosera intermedia
drosera rotundifolia
dryas drummondii
dryas integrifolia
dryas punctata
dryopteris cristata
echinocystis lobata
echium vulgare
elaeagnus commutata
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis uniglumis
eleusine indica
elliottia pyroliflora
elymus caninus
elytrigia intermedia
epilobium anagallidifolium
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium latifolium
equisetum arvense
equisetum hyemale
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum sylvaticum
equisetum telmateia
equisetum variegatum
ericameria nauseosa
erigeron acris
erigeron annuus
erigeron aureus
erigeron caespitosus
erigeron compositus
erigeron glabellus
eriogonum flavum
eriogonum heracleoides
eriogonum niveum
eriogonum umbellatum
eriophorum angustifolium
eriophorum gracile
eriophorum scheuchzeri
eriophorum vaginatum
eriophorum viridicarinatum
eriophyllum lanatum
eritrichium nanum
erophila verna
erythronium grandiflorum
erythronium montanum
euclidium syriacum
euphorbia marginata
eurybia conspicua
fallopia convolvulus
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
filago vulgaris
fragaria chiloensis
fragaria vesca
fragaria virginiana
frasera speciosa
gaillardia aristata
galium boreale
galium trifidum
galium triflorum
gaultheria shallon
gaura coccinea
gentiana affinis
gentiana calycosa
gentiana glauca
gentiana sceptrum
gentianella amarella
gentianopsis macounii
gentianopsis thermalis
geocaulon lividum
geranium bicknellii
geranium molle
geranium richardsonii
geranium viscosissimum
geum rivale
geum triflorum
glandularia bipinnatifida
glaucium corniculatum
glaux maritima
glycyrrhiza lepidota
goodyera oblongifolia
goodyera repens
gormania spathulifolia
grindelia integrifolia
grindelia squarrosa
gutierrezia sarothrae
hedysarum alpinum
hedysarum boreale
helianthus annuus
helianthus nuttallii
helianthus tuberosus
heracleum lanatum
herniaria hirsuta
hesperis matronalis
heterotheca villosa
hieracium caespitosum
hieracium glomeratum
hieracium lachenalii
hippuris vulgaris
holodiscus discolor
honckenya peploides
hordeum jubatum
huperzia selago
hydrocotyle umbellata
hydrocotyle verticillata
hymenoxys richardsonii
impatiens balfourii
ipomopsis aggregata
iris missouriensis
iva xanthiifolia
juncus mertensianus
juniperus communis
juniperus horizontalis
juniperus scopulorum
kalmia microphylla
larix lyallii
larix occidentalis
lathyrus japonicus
ledum groenlandicum
ledum palustre
leersia oryzoides
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lepidium densiflorum
lewisia cotyledon
lewisia pygmaea
lewisia rediviva
leymus mollis
lilium columbianum
lilium philadelphicum
limosella aquatica
linnaea borealis
linum usitatissimum
listera borealis
listera convallarioides
listera cordata
lithospermum incisum
lithospermum ruderale
lobelia dortmanna
lolium perenne
lonicera involucrata
luetkea pectinata
luina hypoleuca
lupinus arboreus
lupinus densiflorus
lupinus polyphyllus
lupinus sericeus
luzula multiflora
lygodesmia juncea
lysichiton americanus
lysimachia ciliata
lythrum salicaria
mahonia aquifolium
mahonia nervosa
mahonia repens
maianthemum canadense
maianthemum dilatatum
maianthemum racemosum
maianthemum stellatum
malus sylvestris
malva neglecta
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
matricaria recutita
menyanthes trifoliata
menziesia ferruginea
mertensia paniculata
mimulus guttatus
mimulus langsdorffii
mimulus lewisii
mirabilis linearis
mitella breweri
mitella nuda
monarda fistulosa
moneses uniflora
monotropa uniflora
montia fontana
montia parvifolia
musineon divaricatum
myosotis sylvatica
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum hippuroides
myriophyllum verticillatum
narcissus tazetta
nepeta cataria
neslia paniculata
nuphar lutea
nuphar polysepala
oenanthe sarmentosa
oenothera pallida
onosmodium bejariense
opuntia fragilis
opuntia polyacantha
oxalis corniculata
oxybaphus nyctagineus
oxycoccus palustris
oxyria digyna
oxytropis podocarpa
oxytropis splendens
panicum capillare
papaver dubium
parnassia fimbriata
paronychia sessiliflora
parthenocissus quinquefolia
pedicularis bracteosa
pedicularis contorta
pedicularis groenlandica
pedicularis langsdorffii
pedicularis racemosa
penstemon davidsonii
penstemon lyallii
penstemon nitidus
penstemon procerus
persicaria amphibia
phacelia hastata
phacelia lyallii
phacelia sericea
phacelia tanacetifolia
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phleum alpinum
phleum pratense
phlox diffusa
phragmites australis
phyllodoce aleutica
phyllodoce caerulea
phyllodoce empetriformis
phyllospadix scouleri
physaria didymocarpa
physocarpus capitatus
picea breweriana
picea engelmannii
picea mariana
picea sitchensis
pinus albicaulis
pinus contorta
pinus monticola
pinus ponderosa
platanthera dilatata
platanthera orbiculata
platanthera stricta
poa nemoralis
polemonium pulcherrimum
polygala senega
polypodium scouleri
polystichum munitum
populus tremuloides
potamogeton gramineus
potamogeton natans
potamogeton richardsonii
potentilla concinna
potentilla fruticosa
potentilla gracilis
potentilla hippiana
potentilla norvegica
potentilla palustris
primula incana
prosartes trachycarpa
prunus pensylvanica
pseudotsuga menziesii
pterospora andromedea
pulsatilla occidentalis
pulsatilla patens
purshia tridentata
pyrola asarifolia
pyrola chlorantha
pyrola grandiflora
pyrrocoma lanceolata
quercus garryana
ranunculus hyperboreus
ranunculus pygmaeus
ranunculus sceleratus
ratibida columnifera
rhodiola integrifolia
rhodiola rhodantha
rhododendron albiflorum
rhus glabra
ribes cereum
robinia pseudacacia
rosa acicularis
rosa arkansana
rosa nutkana
rosa woodsii
rubus arcticus
rubus caesius
rubus chamaemorus
rubus parviflorus
rubus pedatus
rubus spectabilis
rubus ulmifolius
rumex aquaticus
rumex crispus
rumex stenophyllus
salix exigua
salix glauca
salix nivalis
salix reticulata
salix vestita
sambucus racemosa
sanicula marilandica
sarcocornia perennis
sarcodes sanguinea
saussurea nuda
saxifraga adscendens
saxifraga cespitosa
saxifraga hirculus
saxifraga nivalis
saxifraga occidentalis
saxifraga oppositifolia
saxifraga tricuspidata
scorzonera hispanica
selaginella densa
selaginella wallacei
senecio eremophilus
senecio triangularis
sequoiadendron giganteum
shepherdia canadensis
sibbaldia procumbens
silene armeria
silene dioica
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium orientale
sisyrinchium montanum
sisyrinchium septentrionale
sium suave
smelowskia americana
solidago missouriensis
sphaeralcea coccinea
spiranthes romanzoffiana
stachys chamissonis
stachys pilosa
stuckenia pectinata
swertia perennis
symphoricarpos albus
symphyotrichum ericoides
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
taxus brevifolia
thuja plicata
tofieldia pusilla
townsendia hookeri
tragopogon pratensis
trautvetteria caroliniensis
triantha glutinosa
trifolium dubium
trifolium striatum
trifolium wormskioldii
tsuga heterophylla
utricularia intermedia
vaccinium alaskaense
vaccinium caespitosum
vaccinium membranaceum
vaccinium myrtilloides
vaccinium ovalifolium
vaccinium ovatum
vaccinium parvifolium
vaccinium scoparium
valeriana sitchensis
vancouveria chrysantha
vancouveria hexandra
veratrum viride
verbascum blattaria
veronica alpina
veronica cusickii
veronica peregrina
veronica serpyllifolia
viola nuttallii
xanthisma spinulosum
xerophyllum tenax
zigadenus elegans
zigadenus venenosus
zizia aptera
