abies alba
abies cephalonica
abies cilicica
abies pinsapo
abutilon theophrasti
acacia gummifera
acacia mearnsii
acacia retinodes
acantholimon ulicinum
acanthus mollis
aceras anthropophorum
acer campestre
acer pseudoplatanus
acer sempervirens
acinos alpinus
acinos arvensis
aconitum lycoctonum
acorus calamus
adiantum capillus-veneris
adonis aestivalis
adonis annua
adonis flammea
aegilops cylindrica
aegilops geniculata
aegopodium podagraria
aerva javanica
aethionema arabicum
aethionema saxatile
aethusa cynapium
agave americana
ageratina adenophora
agrimonia eupatoria
agropyron pectinatum
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
achillea filipendulina
achillea pannonica
achillea setacea
achyranthes aspera
ailanthus altissima
aira caryophyllea
aizoon canariense
ajuga bombycina
ajuga genevensis
ajuga chamaepitys
ajuga chia
ajuga iva
ajuga laxmannii
ajuga reptans
albizia julibrissin
alcea biennis
alcea rosea
alchemilla glaucescens
alchemilla straminea
alchemilla xanthochlora
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
alkanna orientalis
alkanna tinctoria
alliaria petiolata
allium carinatum
allium flavum
allium neapolitanum
allium ochroleucum
allium oleraceum
allium paniculatum
allium roseum
allium rotundum
allium sphaerocephalon
allium subhirsutum
allium telmatum
allium ursinum
allium victorialis
alnus cordata
alnus glutinosa
aloe vera
alopecurus aequalis
alopecurus geniculatus
alopecurus myosuroides
alopecurus pratensis
alopecurus rendlei
alternanthera pungens
althaea armeniaca
althaea cannabina
althaea hirsuta
althaea officinalis
althaea taurinensis
alyssum alyssoides
alyssum bertolonii
alyssum montanum
alyssum murale
amaranthus albus
amaranthus blitoides
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
amaranthus retroflexus
amaryllis belladonna
ambrosia artemisiifolia
amelanchier ovalis
anacamptis pyramidalis
anagallis arvensis
anagallis foemina
anagyris foetida
andrachne telephioides
androsace maxima
andryala pinnatifida
anemone apennina
anemone blanda
anemone coronaria
anemone hortensis
anemone nemorosa
anethum graveolens
angelica sylvestris
anchusa aegyptiaca
anchusa azurea
anchusa barrelieri
anchusa cespitosa
anchusa officinalis
anchusa strigosa
anchusa undulata
anchusa undulata subsp. hybrida
anogramma leptophylla
anthemis ammophila
anthemis arvensis
anthemis austriaca
anthemis cotula
anthemis maritima
anthemis rigida
anthemis tricolor
anthericum liliago
anthericum ramosum
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
anthriscus cerefolium
anthriscus sylvestris
anthyllis barba-jovis
anthyllis montana
anthyllis tetraphylla
anthyllis vulneraria
anthyllis vulneraria subsp. praepropera
antirrhinum majus
antirrhinum siculum
apera spica-venti
aphanes arvensis
aphanes australis
aphyllanthes monspeliensis
apium graveolens
apium repens
aponogeton distachyos
aptenia cordifolia
aquilegia atrata
aquilegia vulgaris
arabidopsis thaliana
arabis alpina
arabis auriculata
arabis caucasica
arabis glabra
arabis hirsuta
arabis purpurea
arabis sagittata
arabis turrita
arabis verna
araujia sericifera
arbutus andrachne
arbutus unedo
arctium lappa
arctium minus
aremonia agrimonoides
arenaria balearica
arenaria bertolonii
arenaria grandiflora
arenaria serpyllifolia
argania spinosa
argemone mexicana
argemone ochroleuca
aristolochia clematitis
aristolochia microstoma
aristolochia pistolochia
aristolochia rotunda
armeria denticulata
arnebia decumbens
arnebia densiflora
arnica montana
arnoseris minima
arrhenatherum elatius
artemisia absinthium
artemisia arborescens
artemisia caerulescens
artemisia caerulescens subsp. gallica
artemisia campestris
artemisia pontica
artemisia scoparia
artemisia vulgaris
arthrocnemum macrostachyum
arum cylindraceum
arum hygrophilum
arum italicum
arum lucanum
arum pictum
arum purpureospathum
aruncus vulgaris
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asclepias syriaca
asparagus acutifolius
asparagus horridus
asparagus officinalis
asperugo procumbens
asperula arvensis
asperula cynanchica
asperula gussonei
asphodeline brevicaulis
asphodeline lutea
asphodeline taurica
asphodelus aestivus
asphodelus albus
asphodelus fistulosus
asphodelus ramosus
asplenium 
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium cuneifolium
asplenium hemionitis
asplenium petrarchae
asplenium ruta-muraria
asplenium septentrionale
asplenium trichomanes
asplenium viride
aster amellus
asteriscus aquaticus
asteriscus spinosus
aster linosyris
astragalus alopecurus
astragalus asper
astragalus balearicus
astragalus depressus
astragalus eriophyllus
astragalus glycyphyllos
astragalus lusitanicus
astragalus lusitanicus subsp. orientalis
astragalus monspessulanus
astragalus monspessulanus subsp. illyricus
astragalus onobrychis
astragalus spinosus
astragalus tragacantha
astragalus vesicarius
astydamia latifolia
athyrium filix-femina
atriplex halimus
atriplex holocarpa
atriplex hortensis
atriplex latifolia
atriplex littoralis
atriplex oblongifolia
atriplex patula
atriplex portulacoides
atriplex rosea
atriplex sagittata
atriplex tatarica
atropa bella-donna
aubrieta deltoidea
aurinia saxatilis
austrocylindropuntia subulata
avena fatua
avenella flexuosa
bacopa monnieri
ballota nigra
barbarea bracteosa
barbarea vulgaris
barlia robertiana
bartsia trixago
batrachium aquatile
batrachium circinatum
batrachium fluitans
batrachium peltatum
batrachium rionii
batrachium trichophyllum
beckmannia eruciformis
bellevalia nivalis
bellevalia trifoliata
bellis annua
bellis perennis
bellis sylvestris
bellium bellidioides
berberis cretica
berberis vulgaris
berula erecta
beta vulgaris
betonica officinalis
biarum arundanum
bidens cernua
bidens frondosa
bidens tripartita
bifora radians
bituminaria bituminosa
blackstonia acuminata
blackstonia perfoliata
blechnum spicant
blysmus compressus
boerhavia plumbaginea
bolboschoenus maritimus
bombycilaena erecta
bongardia chrysogonum
borago officinalis
bothriochloa ischaemum
botrychium lunaria
botrychium matricariifolium
brachypodium pinnatum
brachypodium retusum
brachypodium sylvaticum
brassica balearica
brassica repanda
brimeura fastigiata
briza maxima
bromus arvensis
bromus erectus
bromus hordeaceus
bromus japonicus
bromus secalinus
bromus sterilis
bromus tectorum
bryonia alba
bryonia dioica
bunias orientalis
bupleurum affine
bupleurum baldense
bupleurum falcatum
bupleurum fruticosum
bupleurum rotundifolium
bupleurum stellatum
bupleurum tenuissimum
buxus balearica
buxus sempervirens
cakile maritima
calamagrostis arundinacea
calamagrostis epigejos
calamagrostis pseudophragmites
calamagrostis varia
calendula arvensis
calendula officinalis
calicotome villosa
callitriche hamulata
callitriche palustris
callitriche stagnalis
calluna vulgaris
calystegia sepium
calystegia soldanella
camelina microcarpa
camelina rumelica
camelina sativa
camellia sinensis
campanula bononiensis
campanula garganica
campanula macrostachya
campanula medium
campanula patula
campanula persicifolia
campanula pyramidalis
campanula tomentosa
campanula trachelium
camphorosma monspeliaca
cannabis ruderalis
cannabis sativa
capparis spinosa
capsella bursa-pastoris
capsella rubella
cardamine amara
cardamine flexuosa
cardamine glauca
cardamine hirsuta
cardamine impatiens
cardamine pratensis
cardaria draba
carex acuta
carex acutiformis
carex brevicollis
carex brizoides
carex buekii
carex capillaris
carex caryophyllea
carex demissa
carex depauperata
carex distans
carex disticha
carex divisa
carex elata
carex extensa
carex flacca
carex flava
carex halleriana
carex hirta
carex hordeistichos
carex hostiana
carex humilis
carex kitaibeliana
carex lepidocarpa
carex liparocarpos
carex macrolepis
carex maritima
carex muricata
carex nigra
carex ornithopoda
carex otrubae
carex ovalis
carex pallescens
carex panicea
carex paniculata
carex pendula
carex pilulifera
carex pseudocyperus
carex remota
carex riparia
carex spicata
carex strigosa
carex sylvatica
carex tomentosa
carex vesicaria
carex viridula
carex vulpina
carlina acaulis
carlina corymbosa
carlina gummifera
carlina vulgaris
carpinus betulus
carpobrotus acinaciformis
carpobrotus edulis
carthamus lanatus
carthamus tinctorius
carum carvi
castanea sativa
casuarina cunninghamiana
catabrosa aquatica
caucalis platycarpos
cedrus atlantica
cedrus brevifolia
cedrus libani
celtis australis
celtis tournefortii
centaurea aegialophila
centaurea aspera
centaurea cyanus
centaurea depressa
centaurea diffusa
centaurea filiformis
centaurea melitensis
centaurea pallescens
centaurea ragusina
centaurea solstitialis
centaurea tchihatcheffii
centaurea triumfetti
centaurea triumfettii
centaurea urvillei
centaurium erythraea
centaurium maritimum
centaurium pulchellum
centaurium spicatum
centranthus ruber
centunculus minimus
cephalanthera damasonium
cephalanthera epipactoides
cephalanthera kurdica
cephalanthera longifolia
cephalanthera rubra
cephalaria gigantea
cephalaria transsylvanica
cerastium arvense
cerastium brachypetalum
cerastium decalvans
cerastium dubium
cerastium gibraltaricum
cerastium glomeratum
cerastium glutinosum
cerastium holosteoides
cerastium semidecandrum
ceratonia siliqua
ceratophyllum demersum
ceratophyllum submersum
cercis siliquastrum
cerinthe major
cerinthe minor
ceterach officinarum
cicendia filiformis
cicer arietinum
cicuta virosa
cichorium intybus
circaea lutetiana
cirsium acaule
cirsium arvense
cirsium eriophorum
cirsium rivulare
cirsium vulgare
cistanche phelypaea
cistus incanus
cistus ladanifer
cistus monspeliensis
cistus parviflorus
cistus salviifolius
citrullus colocynthis
citrullus lanatus
citrus limon
cladium mariscus
clematis cirrhosa
clematis flammula
clematis vitalba
clinopodium vulgare
clypeola jonthlaspi
cnicus benedictus
coeloglossum viride
colchicum autumnale
colutea arborescens
conium maculatum
conringia austriaca
conringia grandiflora
conringia orientalis
consolida orientalis
consolida regalis
convolvulus althaeoides
convolvulus arvensis
convolvulus assyricus
convolvulus cantabrica
convolvulus cantabricus
convolvulus cneorum
convolvulus lineatus
conyza canadensis
coriandrum sativum
coris monspeliensis
corispermum nitidum
corispermum pallasii
cornus mas
cornus sanguinea
coronilla coronata
coronilla scorpioides
coronopus squamatus
corrigiola litoralis
corydalis alba
corydalis cava
corydalis intermedia
corydalis lutea
corydalis oppositifolia
corydalis rutifolia
corylus avellana
corynephorus canescens
cosmos bipinnatus
cotinus coggygria
cotoneaster integerrimus
cotoneaster tomentosus
cotyledon orbiculata
crataegus laevigata
crataegus monogyna
crepis biennis
crepis capillaris
crepis pulchra
crepis rubra
crepis setosa
crithmum maritimum
crocus abantensis
crocus biflorus
crocus gargaricus
crucianella latifolia
crucianella maritima
cruciata pedemontana
crupina vulgaris
crypsis aculeata
cucubalus baccifer
cupressus dupreziana
cupressus dupreziana var. atlantica
cupressus sempervirens
cuscuta approximata
cuscuta epithymum
cuscuta europaea
cyclamen coum
cyclamen graecum
cyclamen hederifolium
cyclamen persicum
cyclamen repandum
cycloloma atriplicifolium
cydonia oblonga
cymbalaria aequitriloba
cymbalaria muralis
cynanchum acutum
cynara cardunculus
cynara cornigera
cynara scolymus
cynodon dactylon
cynoglossum creticum
cynoglossum montanum
cynoglossum officinale
cynomorium coccineum
cynosurus cristatus
cynosurus polybracteatus
cyperus capitatus
cyperus eragrostis
cyperus flavescens
cyperus glomeratus
cyperus longus
cyperus michelianus
cyperus rotundus
cyrtomium falcatum
cystopteris fragilis
cytinus hypocistis
cytinus ruber
cytisus scoparius
dactylis glomerata
dactylorhiza fuchsii
dactylorhiza incarnata
dactylorhiza insularis
dactylorhiza romana
dactylorhiza sambucina
daemia tomentosa
danthonia alpina
daphne laureola
daphne oleoides
daphne sericea
datura stramonium
daucus carota
davallia canariensis
delphinium staphisagria
dentaria bulbifera
descurainia sophia
deschampsia cespitosa
desmazeria sicula
dianthus armeria
dianthus barbatus
dianthus carthusianorum
dianthus ciliatus
dianthus deltoides
dianthus integer
dianthus strictus
dianthus sylvestris
dictamnus albus
digitalis ferruginea
digitalis grandiflora
digitalis obscura
digitalis purpurea
digitaria sanguinalis
diplazium caudatum
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
dipsacus fullonum
dipsacus laciniatus
dittrichia viscosa
doronicum austriacum
doronicum corsicum
dorycnium herbaceum
dorycnium hirsutum
draba muralis
dracunculus vulgaris
drosophyllum lusitanicum
drypis spinosa
drypis spinosa subsp. jacquiniana
ecballium elaterium
echinocystis lobata
echinochloa crus-galli
echinops ritro
echinops ritro subsp. ruthenicus
echinops sphaerocephalus
echinops spinosissimus
echium angustifolium
echium italicum
echium plantagineum
echium vulgare
elaeagnus angustifolia
elatine alsinastrum
elatine hydropiper
elatine triandra
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis carniolica
eleocharis ovata
eleocharis palustris
eleocharis uniglumis
eleusine indica
elodea canadensis
elymus caninus
elytrigia intermedia
elytrigia repens
eminium spiculatum
ephedra distachya
ephedra fragilis
epilobium angustifolium
epilobium dodonaei
epilobium hirsutum
epilobium montanum
epilobium obscurum
epilobium palustre
epilobium parviflorum
epipactis atrorubens
epipactis helleborine
epipactis muelleri
epipactis palustris
equisetum arvense
equisetum fluviatile
equisetum palustre
equisetum pratense
equisetum ramosissimum
equisetum telmateia
eragrostis minor
eranthis hyemalis
eremurus spectabilis
erica arborea
erica carnea
erica cinerea
erica sicula
erica sicula subsp. libanotica
erica tetralix
erigeron annuus
erigeron karvinskianus
erinacea anthyllis
erinus alpinus
eriobotrya japonica
eriophorum latifolium
erodium ciconium
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
erophila spathulata
erophila verna
eruca sativa
erucastrum nasturtiifolium
eryngium amethystinum
eryngium campestre
eryngium maritimum
erysimum cheiranthoides
erysimum repandum
erythronium dens-canis
euclidium syriacum
euonymus europaea
euonymus europaeus
euonymus verrucosus
eupatorium cannabinum
euphorbia amygdaloides
euphorbia anacampseros
euphorbia cyparissias
euphorbia dendroides
euphorbia dulcis
euphorbia epithymoides
euphorbia esula
euphorbia exigua
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia fragifera
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia herniariifolia
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia characias
euphorbia myrsinites
euphorbia officinarum
euphorbia officinarum var. beaumieriana
euphorbia paralias
euphorbia peplus
euphorbia platyphyllos
euphorbia regis-jubae
euphorbia resinifera
euphorbia spinosa
euphorbia tirucalli
euphorbia verrucosa
fagonia albiflora
fagonia cretica
fagopyrum esculentum
fagus sylvatica
falcaria vulgaris
fallopia aubertii
fallopia convolvulus
fallopia dumetorum
ferula communis
festuca altissima
festuca arundinacea
festuca gigantea
festuca ovina
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
festuca valesiaca
fibigia triquetra
ficus carica
filago arvensis
filago lutescens
filago minima
filago pygmaea
filago vulgaris
filipendula ulmaria
filipendula vulgaris
forsskaolea tenacissima
fragaria vesca
frangula alnus
frankenia hirsuta
fraxinus excelsior
fraxinus ornus
fritillaria aurea
fritillaria gracilis
fritillaria meleagris
fritillaria montana
fritillaria persica
fritillaria pinardii
fumana procumbens
fumaria capreolata
fumaria officinalis
fumaria schleicheri
fumaria vaillantii
gagea bohemica
gagea graeca
gagea pratensis
gagea pusilla
gagea transversalis
gagea villosa
galactites tomentosus
galanthus nivalis
galatella punctata
galega officinalis
galeopsis angustifolia
galeopsis bifida
galeopsis ladanum
galeopsis pubescens
galeopsis speciosa
galeopsis tetrahit
galinsoga quadriradiata
galium 
galium album
galium aparine
galium murale
galium odoratum
galium palustre
galium rivale
galium saxatile
galium spurium
galium tricornutum
galium verum
genista fasselata
genista januensis
genista sagittalis
gennaria diphylla
gentiana lutea
gentiana septemfida
gentiana verna
gentianella campestris
geranium columbinum
geranium dissectum
geranium lucidum
geranium macrorrhizum
geranium molle
geranium nodosum
geranium purpureum
geranium pusillum
geranium pyrenaicum
geranium robertianum
geranium sanguineum
geum urbanum
gladiolus communis
gladiolus illyricus
gladiolus italicus
gladiolus palustris
gladiolus triphyllus
glaucium corniculatum
glaucium flavum
glaux maritima
gleditsia triacanthos
glechoma hirsuta
globularia alypum
globularia trichosantha
glyceria fluitans
glyceria maxima
glyceria notata
glycyrrhiza echinata
gnaphalium sylvaticum
gnaphalium uliginosum
gomphocarpus physocarpus
gomphocarpus sinaicus
gratiola officinalis
groenlandia densa
gundelia tournefortii
gymnarrhena micrantha
gymnocarpium dryopteris
gymnocarpium robertianum
gymnospermium altaicum
gymnospermium altaicum subsp. peloponnesiacum
gypsophila muralis
halimium halimifolium
haloxylon articulatum
hedera canariensis
hedera helix
hedysarum coronarium
heleochloa alopecuroides
heleochloa schoenoides
helianthemum apenninum
helianthemum canum
helianthemum grandiflorum
helianthemum rupifragum
helianthemum vesicarium
helianthus annuus
helianthus tuberosus
helichrysum italicum
helichrysum italicum subsp. microphyllum
helichrysum stoechas
heliotropium europaeum
heliotropium ramosissimum
helleborus argutifolius
helleborus foetidus
hemerocallis fulva
hepatica nobilis
heracleum sphondylium
herniaria glabra
herniaria hirsuta
herniaria incana
hesperis matronalis
hibiscus rosa-sinensis
hibiscus syriacus
hibiscus trionum
hieracium bauhini
hieracium flagellare
hieracium laevigatum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium maculatum
hieracium murorum
hieracium pilosella
hieracium piloselloides
hieracium sabaudum
hieracium schmidtii
hieracium schultesii
himantoglossum caprinum
himantoglossum comperianum
himantoglossum hircinum
hippocrepis comosa
hippocrepis emerus
hippophae rhamnoides
hippuris vulgaris
holcus lanatus
holcus mollis
holosteum umbellatum
hordelymus europaeus
hordeum geniculatum
hordeum murinum
hornungia petraea
hottonia palustris
hyacinthoides hispanica
hyacinthoides italica
hydrocotyle verticillata
hydrocotyle vulgaris
hyoscyamus albus
hyoscyamus aureus
hyoscyamus niger
hyoscyamus reticulatus
hypecoum imberbe
hypericum androsaemum
hypericum humifusum
hypericum montanum
hypericum perforatum
hypericum tetrapterum
hypochaeris radicata
hyssopus officinalis
hyssopus officinalis subsp. canescens
chaerophyllum aureum
chaerophyllum hirsutum
chaerophyllum temulum
chamaecytisus spinescens
chamaecytisus supinus
chamaerops humilis
cheilanthes pteridioides
cheilanthes vellea
chelidonium majus
chenoleoides tomentosa
chenopodium album
chenopodium bonus-henricus
chenopodium botrys
chenopodium ficifolium
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium hybridum
chenopodium chenopodioides
chenopodium murale
chenopodium polyspermum
chenopodium pumilio
chenopodium strictum
chenopodium urbicum
chenopodium vulvaria
chondrilla juncea
chrysanthemoides monilifera
chrysanthemum coronarium
chrysopogon gryllus
ilex aquifolium
illecebrum verticillatum
impatiens noli-tangere
impatiens parviflora
imperatoria ostruthium
inula britannica
inula conyza
inula conyzae
inula crithmoides
inula ensifolia
inula germanica
inula oculus-christi
inula salicina
inula verbascifolia
ipomoea purpurea
iris 
iris bicapitata
iris pallida
iris pseudacorus
iris pseudopumila
iris sari
iris sintenisii
iris spuria
isatis campestris
isatis tinctoria
isoetes histrix
isoetes histrix
isoetes velata
isoetes velata
isolepis setacea
iva xanthiifolia
jasione echinata
jasione montana
jasminum fruticans
juglans regia
juncus acutiflorus
juncus acutus
juncus anceps
juncus articulatus
juncus bufonius
juncus bulbosus
juncus capitatus
juncus compressus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus effusus
juncus gerardii
juncus inflexus
juncus maritimus
juncus pygmaeus
juncus sphaerocarpus
juncus subnodulosus
juncus tenageia
juniperus drupacea
juniperus foetidissima
juniperus oxycedrus
juniperus phoenicea
juniperus sabina
kalanchoe delagoensis
kickxia elatine
kickxia spuria
knautia arvensis
koeleria macrantha
kochia laniflora
kochia prostrata
kochia scoparia
krascheninnikovia ceratoides
lactuca serriola
lactuca viminea
lagurus ovatus
lamarckia aurea
lamium album
lamium amplexicaule
lamium maculatum
lamium orvala
lamium purpureum
lantana camara
lantana montevidensis
lappula squarrosa
lapsana communis
laserpitium gallicum
laserpitium prutenicum
laserpitium siler
lathraea squamaria
lathyrus aphaca
lathyrus cicera
lathyrus clymenum
lathyrus digitatus
lathyrus grandiflorus
lathyrus hirsutus
lathyrus latifolius
lathyrus linifolius
lathyrus niger
lathyrus nissolia
lathyrus palustris
lathyrus pratensis
lathyrus sylvestris
lathyrus tuberosus
lathyrus venetus
lathyrus vernus
launaea arborescens
laurus azorica
laurus nobilis
lavandula angustifolia
lavandula pubescens
lavandula stoechas
leersia oryzoides
legousia falcata
legousia pentagonia
lemna gibba
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lemna turionifera
lens culinaris
leontice leontopetalum
leontodon autumnalis
leontodon hispidus
leonurus cardiaca
leonurus marrubiastrum
lepidium perfoliatum
lepidium ruderale
lepidium sativum
leucaena leucocephala
leucanthemum ircutianum
leucanthemum virgatum
leucanthemum vulgare
leucojum aestivum
leucosinapis alba
ligusticum lucidum
ligustrum vulgare
lilium bulbiferum
lilium martagon
limodorum abortivum
limodorum trabutianum
limonium bellidifolium
limonium cancellatum
limonium densissimum
limonium lausianum
limonium nymphaeum
limonium oleifolium
limonium pseudominutum
limonium serotinum
limonium sinuatum
limonium tuberculatum
limosella aquatica
linaria alpina
linaria amoi
linaria genistifolia
linaria pallidiflora
linaria pelisseriana
linaria supina
linaria vulgaris
lindernia procumbens
linum bienne
linum catharticum
linum hirsutum
linum strictum
linum suffruticosum
linum tenuifolium
linum usitatissimum
listera ovata
lithodora hispidula
lithospermum arvense
lithospermum officinale
lithospermum purpurocaeruleum
littorella uniflora
lobelia urens
lobularia maritima
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera caerulea
lonicera caprifolium
lonicera implexa
lonicera japonica
lonicera periclymenum
loranthus europaeus
lotus angustissimus
lotus corniculatus
lotus cytisoides
lotus tenuis
lotus uliginosus
lunaria annua
lunaria rediviva
lupinus angustifolius
lupinus arboreus
lupinus micranthus
luronium natans
luzula campestris
luzula multiflora
luzula pilosa
luzula spicata
luzula sudetica
lycium barbarum
lycium intricatum
lycopodium clavatum
lycopsis arvensis
lycopus europaeus
lychnis coronaria
lychnis flos-cuculi
lysimachia atropurpurea
lysimachia punctata
lythrum hyssopifolia
lythrum salicaria
lythrum tribracteatum
maclura pomifera
majorana hortensis
malus sylvestris
malva alcea
malva moschata
malva neglecta
malva pusilla
malva sylvestris
mandragora autumnalis
maresia nana
marrubium vulgare
marsilea quadrifolia
matricaria recutita
matthiola arabica
matthiola sinuata
matthiola tricuspidata
medicago 
medicago arabica
medicago arborea
medicago falcata
medicago lupulina
medicago marina
medicago minima
medicago sativa
melampyrum arvense
melampyrum cristatum
melia azedarach
melica ciliata
melica nutans
melica picta
melica transsilvanica
melica uniflora
melilotus albus
melilotus altissimus
melilotus officinalis
melissa officinalis
melittis melissophyllum
mentha 
mentha aquatica
mentha longifolia
mercurialis annua
mesembryanthemum crystallinum
mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
mespilus germanica
microrrhinum litorale
microrrhinum minus
milium effusum
minuartia glaucina
misopates orontium
moehringia muscosa
moehringia trinervia
moltkia coerulea
monotropa hypopitys
monstera deliciosa
montia arvensis
montia fontana
moraea sisyrinchium
morus nigra
muscari armeniacum
muscari comosum
muscari latifolium
muscari neglectum
myagrum perfoliatum
mycelis muralis
myoporum laetum
myosotis arvensis
myosotis caespitosa
myosotis discolor
myosotis nemorosa
myosotis ramosissima
myosotis sparsiflora
myosotis stricta
myosotis sylvatica
myosoton aquaticum
myosurus minimus
myrica faya
myriophyllum alterniflorum
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum spicatum
myriophyllum verticillatum
myrtus communis
najas marina
najas minor
narcissus assoanus
narcissus bulbocodium
narcissus poeticus
narcissus poeticus
narcissus pseudonarcissus
narcissus rupicola
narcissus tazetta
narcissus triandrus
nardus stricta
nasturtium officinale
neatostema apulum
neotinea maculata
neottia nidus-avis
nepeta cataria
nepeta nuda
nerium oleander
neslia paniculata
nicandra physalodes
nicotiana glauca
nigella arvensis
nigella damascena
nigella fumariifolia
nigella orientalis
nonea pulla
notholaena marantae
nothoscordum gracile
notobasis syriaca
nuphar lutea
nymphaea alba
odontites vernus
oenanthe aquatica
oenothera biennis
oenothera rosea
olea europaea
onobrychis venosa
onobrychis viciifolia
ononis angustissima
ononis arvensis
ononis cristata
ononis natrix
ononis spinosa
ononis tournefortii
onopordum acanthium
onosma alborosea
onosma caucasica
onosma echioides
onosma fastigiata
onosma fruticosa
onosma mirabilis
onosma oreodoxa
onosma rutilum
onosma visianii
ophioglossum vulgatum
ophrys alasiatica
ophrys apifera
ophrys attica
ophrys bertolonii
ophrys biscutella
ophrys bombyliflora
ophrys bornmuelleri
ophrys ciliata
ophrys flavomarginata
ophrys fusca
ophrys holoserica
ophrys holoserica subsp. apulica
ophrys israelitica
ophrys lutea
ophrys mammosa
ophrys promontorii
ophrys scolopax
ophrys scolopax subsp. cornuta
ophrys sphegodes
ophrys sphegodes subsp. atrata
ophrys sphegodes var. garganica
ophrys tenthredinifera
ophrys umbilicata
opuntia ficus-indica
orchis 
orchis anatolica
orchis anatolica subsp. troodi
orchis coriophora
orchis coriophora subsp. fragrans
orchis italica
orchis laxiflora
orchis militaris
orchis morio
orchis morio subsp. longicornu
orchis morio subsp. syriaca
orchis olbiensis
orchis pallens
orchis palustris
orchis papilionacea
orchis pauciflora
orchis provincialis
orchis purpurea
orchis quadripunctata
orchis sancta
orchis simia
orchis spitzelii
orchis tridentata
orchis ustulata
origanum onites
origanum vulgare
orlaya grandiflora
ornithogalum boucheanum
ornithogalum comosum
ornithogalum kochii
ornithogalum nutans
ornithogalum pyrenaicum
ornithogalum umbellatum
orobanche alba
orobanche arenaria
orobanche artemisiae-campestris
orobanche caryophyllacea
orobanche flava
orobanche gracilis
orobanche hederae
orobanche kochii
orobanche lavandulacea
orobanche lutea
orobanche picridis
orobanche purpurea
orobanche ramosa
orobanche reticulata
orthantha lutea
osmunda regalis
ostrya carpinifolia
osyris alba
osyris lanceolata
oxalis articulata
oxalis corniculata
oxalis dillenii
oxalis fontana
oxalis latifolia
oxalis pes-caprae
oxybaphus nyctagineus
paeonia broteri
paeonia cambessedesii
paeonia daurica
paeonia kesrouanensis
paeonia officinalis
paeonia russoi
paeonia tenuifolia
paliurus spina-christi
pancratium illyricum
pancratium maritimum
panicum capillare
panicum miliaceum
papaver argemone
papaver confine
papaver dubium
papaver rhoeas
papaver somniferum
parapholis incurva
parentucellia latifolia
parentucellia viscosa
parietaria judaica
parietaria officinalis
paris quadrifolia
parnassia palustris
paronychia argentea
paronychia cephalotes
paronychia chionaea
paronychia macrosepala
passiflora tarminiana
pastinaca sativa
patellifolia patellaris
pedicularis comosa
pedicularis schizocalyx
peganum harmala
pelargonium endlicherianum
pellaea calomelanos
peltaria emarginata
peplis portula
periploca laevigata
persicaria amphibia
persicaria hydropiper
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria maculosa
persicaria minor
persicaria mitis
persicaria serrulata
petasites albus
petasites hybridus
petrorhagia prolifera
petrorhagia saxifraga
petroselinum crispum
peucedanum carvifolia
peucedanum officinale
peucedanum oreoselinum
peucedanum schottii
phagnalon graecum
phagnalon rupestre
phagnalon saxatile
phagnalon sordidum
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
philadelphus coronarius
phillyrea latifolia
phleum phleoides
phleum pratense
phlomis fruticosa
phlomis chimerae
phoenix canariensis
phoenix dactylifera
pholiurus pannonicus
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
phyllitis sagittata
phyllitis scolopendrium
phyllitopsis hybrida
physalis alkekengi
physalis peruviana
picnomon acarna
picris hieracioides
pilularia globulifera
pimpinella saxifraga
pinus brutia
pinus halepensis
pinus heldreichii
pinus nigra
pinus pinea
pinus sylvestris
pistacia atlantica
pistacia lentiscus
pistacia terebinthus
pisum sativum
pisum sativum subsp. elatius
plantago afra
plantago albicans
plantago altissima
plantago arenaria
plantago coronopus
plantago crassifolia
plantago cretica
plantago holosteum
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
plantago maritima
plantago media
plantago ovata
plantago tenuiflora
plantago uliginosa
platanthera bifolia
platanthera chlorantha
platanus 
platanus orientalis
plumbago europaea
poa angustifolia
poa annua
poa badensis
poa bulbosa
poa compressa
poa chaixii
poa laxa
poa nemoralis
poa palustris
poa pratensis
poa supina
poa trivialis
polycarpaea nivea
polycnemum majus
polygala amarella
polygala balansae
polygala major
polygala sardoa
polygala vulgaris
polygonatum latifolium
polygonatum multiflorum
polygonum arenastrum
polygonum equisetiforme
polygonum maritimum
polygonum rurivagum
polypodium macaronesicum
polypodium vulgare
polystichum aculeatum
polystichum lonchitis
populus alba
populus euphratica
populus tremula
portulaca oleracea
posidonia oceanica
potamogeton coloratus
potamogeton gramineus
potamogeton lucens
potamogeton nodosus
potamogeton pectinatus
potamogeton polygonifolius
potamogeton trichoides
potentilla argentea
potentilla aurea
potentilla caulescens
potentilla erecta
potentilla micrantha
potentilla palustris
potentilla recta
potentilla reptans
potentilla rupestris
potentilla sterilis
potentilla supina
prasium majus
prenanthes purpurea
primula elatior
primula veris
primula vulgaris
prunella grandiflora
prunella laciniata
prunella vulgaris
prunus argentea
prunus avium
prunus cerasifera
prunus dulcis
prunus mahaleb
prunus prostrata
prunus spinosa
prunus tenella
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
pseudolysimachion spicatum
pseudorosularia sempervivoides
psilotum nudum
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
ptilostemon chamaepeuce
puccinellia distans
pulegium vulgare
pulicaria dysenterica
pulicaria incisa
pulmonaria obscura
punica granatum
puschkinia scilloides
putoria calabrica
pyracantha coccinea
pyrethrum corymbosum
pyrethrum parthenium
pyrola chlorantha
pyrola media
pyrostegia venusta
pyrus pyraster
quercus alnifolia
quercus cerris
quercus coccifera
quercus ilex
quercus infectoria
quercus infectoria subsp. veneris
quercus pedunculiflora
quercus petraea
quercus pubescens
quercus robur
quercus suber
radiola linoides
ranunculus acetosellifolius
ranunculus acris
ranunculus arvensis
ranunculus asiaticus
ranunculus bulbosus
ranunculus constantinopolitanus
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus illyricus
ranunculus lateriflorus
ranunculus lingua
ranunculus muricatus
ranunculus ophioglossifolius
ranunculus repens
ranunculus sceleratus
reichardia picroides
reichardia tingitana
reseda alba
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
reseda phyteuma
retama raetam
reynoutria 
rhamnus alaternus
rhamnus cathartica
rhamnus saxatilis
rhododendron ponticum
rhus coriaria
ribes uva-crispa
ricinus communis
ricotia sinuata
robinia pseudacacia
roemeria hybrida
rorippa amphibia
rorippa palustris
rorippa sylvestris
rosa canina
rosa gallica
rosa multiflora
rosa sempervirens
rosa spinosissima
rosmarinus officinalis
rubia peregrina
rubus caesius
rubus canescens
rubus saxatilis
rubus ulmifolius
rudbeckia laciniata
rumex acetosa
rumex acetosella
rumex conglomeratus
rumex crispus
rumex hydrolapathum
rumex lunaria
rumex maritimus
rumex obtusifolius
ruscus aculeatus
ruscus hypoglossum
ruta graveolens
ruta chalepensis
saccharum officinarum
sagina procumbens
salix alba
salix elaeagnos
salix purpurea
salix triandra
salsola australis
salsola inermis
salsola soda
salsola vermiculata
salvia aethiopis
salvia nemorosa
salvia nutans
salvia officinalis
salvia pratensis
salvia sclarea
salvia verbenaca
salvia verticillata
salvinia natans
sambucus ebulus
sambucus nigra
samolus valerandi
sanguisorba minor
sanguisorba officinalis
sanicula europaea
saponaria bellidifolia
saponaria ocymoides
saponaria officinalis
sarcocornia fruticosa
sarcocornia perennis
sarcopoterium spinosum
satureja hortensis
satureja montana
satureja thymbra
saxifraga bulbifera
saxifraga granulata
saxifraga pedemontana
saxifraga scardica
saxifraga sempervivum
saxifraga stellaris
saxifraga taygetea
saxifraga tridactylites
scabiosa columbaria
scabiosa graminifolia
scabiosa prolifera
scandix pecten-veneris
scilla autumnalis
scilla bifolia
scilla litardierei
scilla peruviana
scirpoides holoschoenus
scleranthus annuus
sclerochloa dura
scolymus hispanicus
scolymus maculatus
scorpiurus muricatus
scorzonera austriaca
scorzonera cana
scorzonera hispanica
scorzonera parviflora
scorzonera psychrophila
scrophularia canina
scrophularia heterophylla
scrophularia heterophylla subsp. laciniata
scrophularia nabataeorum
scrophularia scopolii
scrophularia umbrosa
scrophularia vernalis
scutellaria pinnatifida
scutellaria pinnatifida subsp. alpina
scutellaria salviifolia
searsia tripartita
secale sylvestre
securigera varia
sedum acre
sedum album
sedum alpestre
sedum caeruleum
sedum caespitosum
sedum dasyphyllum
sedum hispanicum
sedum magellense
sedum microstachyum
sedum monregalense
sedum mucizonia
sedum ochroleucum
sedum reflexum
sedum rupestre
sedum sediforme
sedum spurium
sedum stellatum
sechium edule
selaginella denticulata
selaginella helvetica
sempervivum arachnoideum
senecio adonidifolius
senecio aquaticus
senecio bicolor
senecio cineraria
senecio erraticus
senecio inaequidens
senecio jacobaea
senecio leucanthemifolius
senecio pyrenaicus
senecio rupestris
senecio sylvaticus
senecio viscosus
senecio vulgaris
serapias cordigera
serapias levantina
serapias lingua
serapias parviflora
serapias vomeracea
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
setaria viridis
sherardia arvensis
schoenoplectus pungens
schoenoplectus supinus
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
schoenus nigricans
sideritis montana
silene armeria
silene coeli-rosa
silene colorata
silene conica
silene dichotoma
silene gallica
silene laeta
silene latifolia
silene noctiflora
silene nutans
silene paradoxa
silene sedoides
silene succulenta
silene succulenta subsp. corsica
silene uniflora
silene vulgaris
silybum marianum
sinapis arvensis
sisymbrium altissimum
sisymbrium loeselii
sisymbrium officinale
sisymbrium orientale
sisyrinchium montanum
sium latifolium
smilax aspera
smyrnium perfoliatum
solanum decipiens
solanum dulcamara
solanum incanum
solanum linnaeanum
solanum lycopersicum
solanum nigrum
solanum villosum
solidago gigantea
solidago virgaurea
sonchus arvensis
sonchus asper
sonchus oleraceus
sonchus palustris
sorbus aria
sorbus aucuparia
sorbus domestica
sorbus torminalis
sparganium emersum
sparganium erectum
spartium junceum
spergularia echinosperma
spergularia fimbriata
spergularia maritima
spergularia rubra
spergularia salina
spiranthes aestivalis
spiranthes spiralis
stachys aleurites
stachys alpina
stachys annua
stachys bombycina
stachys byzantina
stachys corsica
stachys germanica
stachys glutinosa
stachys lavandulifolia
stachys ocymastrum
stachys palustris
stachys recta
stachys sylvatica
stellaria graminea
stellaria holostea
stellaria media
stellaria neglecta
stellaria nemorum
stellaria pallida
stellaria palustris
sternbergia colchiciflora
sternbergia lutea
sternbergia sicula
stipa capillata
stipa eriocaulis
stipa pulcherrima
stipa tirsa
stuckenia pectinata
styrax officinalis
suaeda vera
suaeda vermiculata
symphyotrichum laeve
symphyotrichum squamatum
syrenia cana
syringa vulgaris
taeniatherum caput-medusae
tagetes patula
tamarix africana
tamarix aphylla
tamarix canariensis
tamarix dalmatica
tamarix parviflora
tamarix smyrnensis
tamarix tetragyna
tanacetum vulgare
taraxacum parnassicum
taraxacum sect
taxus baccata
tetraclinis articulata
tetragonolobus maritimus
teucrium botrys
teucrium capitatum
teucrium fruticans
teucrium chamaedrys
teucrium marum
teucrium montanum
teucrium scordium
teucrium scorodonia
thalictrum aquilegiifolium
thalictrum flavum
thalictrum lucidum
thalictrum simplex
theligonum cynocrambe
thelypteris palustris
thesium dollineri
thesium linophyllon
thladiantha dubia
thlaspi arvense
thlaspi cyprium
thlaspi perfoliatum
thunbergia alata
thymbra capitata
thymelaea hirsuta
thymelaea passerina
thymelaea tartonraira
thymus caespititius
thymus herba-barona
thymus integer
thymus pannonicus
thymus praecox
thymus pulegioides
thymus teucrioides
thymus vulgaris
tilia cordata
tolpis barbata
torilis arvensis
torilis japonica
traganum moquinii
tragopogon dubius
tragopogon hybridus
tragopogon porrifolius
tragopogon porrifolius subsp. australis
tragopogon pratensis
trachelium caeruleum
trapa natans
tribulus terrestris
trifolium arvense
trifolium aureum
trifolium campestre
trifolium clypeatum
trifolium dubium
trifolium fragiferum
trifolium hybridum
trifolium incarnatum
trifolium medium
trifolium montanum
trifolium ochroleucon
trifolium pratense
trifolium repens
trifolium resupinatum
trifolium retusum
trifolium stellatum
trifolium striatum
triglochin bulbosa
triglochin bulbosa subsp. barrelieri
triglochin maritima
triglochin palustris
trigonella coerulescens
trigonella monspeliaca
trigonella stellata
trichomanes speciosum
trinia glauca
tripleurospermum inodorum
trisetum flavescens
triticum aestivum
triticum monococcum
tropaeolum majus
tuberaria guttata
tuberaria lignosa
tulipa 
tulipa armena
tulipa armena var. lycica
tulipa humilis
tulipa pulchella
tulipa saxatilis
tulipa sylvestris
typha angustifolia
typha latifolia
typha laxmannii
typha shuttleworthii
ulex europaeus
ulmus glabra
ulmus minor
umbilicus heylandianus
umbilicus horizontalis
umbilicus intermedius
umbilicus rupestris
urginea maritima
urospermum dalechampii
urtica dioica
urtica pilulifera
urtica urens
utricularia australis
utricularia minor
utricularia vulgaris
vaccaria hispanica
valantia aprica
valantia hispida
valantia muralis
valeriana alliariifolia
valeriana officinalis
valeriana tuberosa
valerianella dentata
valerianella locusta
verbascum blattaria
verbascum densiflorum
verbascum nigrum
verbascum phoeniceum
verbascum thapsus
verbena officinalis
verbena rigida
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica fruticans
veronica chamaedrys
veronica montana
veronica officinalis
veronica peregrina
veronica persica
veronica polita
veronica praecox
veronica prostrata
veronica scutellata
veronica serpyllifolia
veronica triloba
veronica triphyllos
veronica verna
viburnum lantana
viburnum tinus
vicia angustifolia
vicia cracca
vicia grandiflora
vicia hirsuta
vicia lathyroides
vicia lunata
vicia lutea
vicia pannonica
vicia sativa
vicia tetrasperma
vicia villosa
vinca herbacea
vinca major
vinca minor
vincetoxicum hirundinaria
viola argenteria
viola arvensis
viola canina
viola collina
viola hirta
viola kitaibeliana
viola odorata
viola palustris
viola reichenbachiana
viola riviniana
viola rupestris
viola suavis
virga pilosa
virga strigosa
viscum album
vitex agnus-castus
vitis vinifera
withania aristata
withania somnifera
wolffia arrhiza
woodwardia radicans
xanthium spinosum
xanthium strumarium
xeranthemum annuum
xeranthemum cylindraceum
zannichellia palustris
zea mays
zelkova abelicea
zilla spinosa
ziziphora persica
zygophyllum album
zygophyllum dumosum
zygophyllum fontanesii
zygophyllum simplex
