acacia mangium
acacia mearnsii
acacia retinodes
acaena novae-zelandiae
achillea filipendulina
achyranthes aspera
acokanthera oblongifolia
agave americana
agave attenuata
ageratina riparia
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
albizia saman
alcea rosea
alchemilla xanthochlora
aleurites moluccana
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
allamanda cathartica
allium paniculatum
alloxylon wickhamii
amaranthus caudatus
amaryllis belladonna
amphilophium crucigerum
anthemis cotula
aponogeton distachyos
araucaria bidwillii
archontophoenix alexandrae
arctium minus
arctotheca populifolia
argemone mexicana
aristea ecklonii
arundina graminifolia
asphodelus fistulosus
asplenium flaccidum
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
barleria repens
barringtonia asiatica
bauhinia monandra
blechnum fluviatile
blechnum penna-marina
boerhavia coccinea
bombax ceiba
brachychiton populneus
bromus japonicus
bruguiera gymnorhiza
bryophyllum pinnatum
bulbophyllum baileyi
caesalpinia bonduc
caesalpinia decapetala
calceolaria tripartita
callistemon rigidus
callitriche palustris
canavalia rosea
carex canescens
carex echinata
carissa spinarum
carpobrotus aequilaterus
cascabela thevetia
cassytha filiformis
casuarina cunninghamiana
casuarina equisetifolia
celosia argentea
celtis australis
centaurea macrocephala
centaurea melitensis
cerastium semidecandrum
ceratophyllum demersum
chamaecrista nictitans
cheilocostus speciosus
chrysanthemoides monilifera
cobaea scandens
coccinia grandis
cocos nucifera
colubrina asiatica
commelina africana
cordia subcordata
cordyline fruticosa
coriandrum sativum
cornus sanguinea
cotula coronopifolia
cotyledon orbiculata
crinum asiaticum
crotalaria retusa
curcuma australasica
cyathea cooperi
cymbidium madidum
cynodon dactylon
davidsonia pruriens
dendrobium smillieae
deschampsia cespitosa
descurainia sophia
dianella ensifolia
diplotaxis muralis
diplotaxis tenuifolia
disphyma australe
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis dulcis
eleusine indica
emilia fosbergii
epilobium brunnescens
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium obscurum
equisetum arvense
equisetum ramosissimum
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia platyphyllos
fallopia convolvulus
festuca arundinacea
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
ficus benjamina
ficus macrophylla
ficus microcarpa
fumaria capreolata
gentianella muelleriana
geranium molle
geranium sessiliflorum
gladiolus dalenii
glaucium corniculatum
gliricidia sepium
glyceria notata
gmelina dalrympleana
gomphocarpus cancellatus
gossypium barbadense
grevillea robusta
guettarda speciosa
helminthostachys zeylanica
hernandia nymphaeifolia
hesperis matronalis
hieracium aurantiacum
hippobroma longiflora
hiptage benghalensis
histiopteris incisa
holcus mollis
humata repens
huperzia squarrosa
hybanthus enneaspermus
hydrocotyle verticillata
indigofera tinctoria
intsia bijuga
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea quamoclit
kunzea ericoides
kyllinga nemoralis
lagunaria patersonia
lantana montevidensis
leersia oryzoides
lemna minor
lemna trisulca
lepidozamia hopei
leptospermum scoparium
leucaena leucocephala
leucochrysum albicans
licuala ramsayi
ligustrum lucidum
ligustrum ovalifolium
lindernia procumbens
lobularia maritima
lumnitzera racemosa
luzula multiflora
macadamia integrifolia
macaranga tanarius
maireana brevifolia
medicago arborea
melaleuca quinquenervia
melanthera biflora
melastoma malabathricum
melianthus dregeanus
melianthus major
milium effusum
moraea flaccida
moraea miniata
morinda citrifolia
murraya paniculata
myoporum insulare
myriophyllum aquaticum
najas marina
narcissus tazetta
nelumbo nucifera
nepeta cataria
nicotiana rustica
oenothera rosea
ornithogalum nutans
oxalis radicosa
pandanus monticola
pandanus tectorius
papaver dubium
paraserianthes lophantha
passiflora foetida
pemphis acidula
phaius tankervilleae
phalaris arundinacea
phalaris canariensis
phleum pratense
pipturus argenteus
pisonia grandis
pistia stratiotes
planchonella obovata
plantago coronopus
platycerium hillii
poa annua
poa nemoralis
pontederia cordata
prosopis pallida
rhizophora mucronata
rubus rosifolius
rubus ulmifolius
rumex crispus
rumohra adiantiformis
salix viminalis
schefflera actinophylla
senecio elegans
senecio tamoides
senna didymobotrya
senna surattensis
silene dioica
sisymbrium altissimum
solanum laciniatum
sonneratia alba
sparaxis bulbifera
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stuckenia pectinata
symphyotrichum squamatum
tacca leontopetaloides
talipariti tiliaceum
tapeinochilos ananassae
tecoma capensis
terminalia catappa
thespesia populnea
thunbergia laurifolia
todea barbara
tournefortia argentea
trichomanes cupressoides
trifolium dubium
trifolium striatum
veronica peregrina
vigna luteola
vigna marina
vitex trifolia
wigandia urens
wollemia nobilis
xanthorrhoea australis
xanthorrhoea quadrangulata
ximenia americana
xylocarpus moluccensis
zantedeschia aethiopica
