acanthocereus tetragonus
aechmea nudicaulis
ageratum conyzoides
achyranthes aspera
albizia saman
allamanda cathartica
amaranthus caudatus
amphilophium crucigerum
amphitecna latifolia
anacardium occidentale
ananas comosus
apeiba tibourbou
arachis hypogaea
argemone mexicana
arthrostemma ciliatum
asclepias curassavica
avicennia germinans
bacopa monnieri
bidens alba
bixa orellana
boerhavia coccinea
brassavola nodosa
brownea macrophylla
bryophyllum pinnatum
bursera simaruba
byrsonima crassifolia
calathea lutea
calliandra surinamensis
canavalia rosea
canna glauca
carica papaya
carludovica palmata
cascabela thevetia
cecropia angustifolia
cecropia peltata
cedrela odorata
celosia argentea
centropogon cornutus
ceratophyllum demersum
clidemia hirta
cochlospermum vitifolium
conocarpus erectus
cordia alliodora
costus pulverulentus
couroupita guianensis
crinum erubescens
cyperus rotundus
cyrilla racemiflora
desmodium incanum
dodonaea viscosa
eichhornia crassipes
eleusine indica
emilia fosbergii
enterolobium cyclocarpum
epidendrum ciliare
epidendrum ibaguense
erechtites hieraciifolius
erigeron karvinskianus
erythrina poeppigiana
euphorbia cyathophora
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia tithymaloides
evolvulus alsinoides
evolvulus glomeratus
furcraea foetida
gliricidia sepium
glossoloma ichthyoderma
gossypium barbadense
guaiacum officinale
guazuma ulmifolia
gynerium sagittatum
handroanthus ochraceus
heliconia bihai
heliconia mariae
heliconia psittacorum
heliconia rostrata
heliconia wagneriana
hevea brasiliensis
hippobroma longiflora
hippomane mancinella
hydrocotyle umbellata
hymenaea courbaril
hymenocallis littoralis
hymenophyllum hirsutum
chamaecrista nictitans
chrysobalanus icaco
ipomoea purpurea
ipomoea quamoclit
jatropha curcas
jatropha gossypiifolia
lantana camara
leucaena leucocephala
ludwigia octovalvis
luehea speciosa
megaskepasma erythrochlamys
merremia aegyptia
mimosa pudica
monochaetum bonplandii
mucuna urens
muntingia calabura
myriophyllum aquaticum
najas marina
nicotiana rustica
nymphaea pulchella
pachira quinata
pachystachys lutea
passiflora vitifolia
petrea volubilis
phoradendron quadrangulare
pistia stratiotes
pithecellobium unguis-cati
platystele oxyglossa
pleopeltis macrocarpa
prosthechea chacaoensis
pseudobombax septenatum
pseudogynoxys chenopodioides
psychopsis papilio
psychotria poeppigiana
pyrostegia venusta
raphia taedigera
renealmia cernua
rhizophora mangle
roupala montana
ruellia tuberosa
sagittaria lancifolia
senna bicapsularis
sesuvium portulacastrum
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
stigmaphyllon ellipticum
suriana maritima
swietenia macrophylla
syzygium cumini
tabebuia rosea
talipariti tiliaceum
tecoma stans
theobroma cacao
thunbergia fragrans
tillandsia usneoides
tridax procumbens
trimezia martinicensis
typha domingensis
ugni myricoides
vigna luteola
wigandia urens
wullschlaegelia aphylla
ximenia americana
