acacia confusa
acacia mangium
acacia mearnsii
acacia retinodes
acaena novae-zelandiae
acalypha hispida
achyranthes aspera
acorus calamus
adiantum hispidulum
adiantum philippense
albizia lebbeck
albizia saman
aldrovanda vesiculosa
aleurites moluccana
allamanda cathartica
alpinia purpurata
alpinia zerumbet
alstonia macrophylla
amaranthus caudatus
amaranthus lividus
anacardium occidentale
anaphalis javanica
annona muricata
annona reticulata
antigonon leptopus
ardisia crenata
ardisia elliptica
argemone mexicana
artocarpus altilis
arundina graminifolia
arundo donax
asclepias curassavica
asplenium nidus
asplenium unilaterale
asystasia gangetica
athyrium filix-femina
averrhoa bilimbi
averrhoa carambola
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
barringtonia asiatica
bauhinia kockiana
bauhinia monandra
belamcanda chinensis
bidens alba
bidens tripartita
boehmeria penduliflora
bombax ceiba
bruguiera gymnorhiza
bryophyllum pinnatum
bulbophyllum baileyi
bupleurum rotundifolium
burmannia oblonga
caesalpinia bonduc
caesalpinia pulcherrima
calanthe sylvatica
calliandra haematocephala
callitriche palustris
callitriche stagnalis
calophyllum inophyllum
calotropis gigantea
camellia sinensis
cananga odorata
canavalia cathartica
canavalia rosea
canna glauca
capparis spinosa
capsella bursa-pastoris
cardamine hirsuta
carex echinata
carissa spinarum
carthamus tinctorius
cascabela thevetia
cassytha filiformis
casuarina equisetifolia
cecropia peltata
cerastium holosteoides
ceratophyllum demersum
ceratopteris cornuta
ceriops tagal
chamaecrista nictitans
cheilocostus speciosus
chenopodium album
cinnamomum verum
cirrhopetalum lepidum
citrus maxima
clerodendrum paniculatum
clerodendrum speciosissimum
clidemia hirta
clitoria ternatea
cobaea scandens
coccinia grandis
cocos nucifera
codiaeum variegatum
coffea arabica
coix lacryma-jobi
colocasia esculenta
colubrina asiatica
cordia subcordata
cordyline fruticosa
crinum asiaticum
crotalaria retusa
curcuma australasica
cyperus rotundus
dactylis glomerata
datura stramonium
dendrobium crumenatum
dendrobium smillieae
desmodium incanum
dianella ensifolia
dichrocephala chrysanthemifolia
dicranopteris linearis
dillenia indica
dillenia suffruticosa
dodonaea viscosa
eichhornia crassipes
eleocharis acicularis
eleocharis dulcis
eleusine indica
equisetum ramosissimum
eragrostis minor
erechtites hieraciifolius
etlingera elatior
etlingera venusta
euphorbia hirta
evolvulus alsinoides
ficus benjamina
ficus microcarpa
fumaria officinalis
garcinia mangostana
gardenia carinata
gerbera piloselloides
gliricidia sepium
gmelina dalrympleana
guazuma ulmifolia
guettarda speciosa
hedychium coronarium
helminthostachys zeylanica
hernandia nymphaeifolia
heterotis rotundifolia
hevea brasiliensis
hippobroma longiflora
hiptage benghalensis
histiopteris incisa
hoya lacunosa
hoya multiflora
humata repens
huperzia squarrosa
hybanthus enneaspermus
hylocereus undatus
hymenophyllum polyanthos
hypodematium crenatum
impatiens balsamina
indigofera tinctoria
intsia bijuga
ipomoea aquatica
ipomoea batatas
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea obscura
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea quamoclit
isolepis setacea
jatropha curcas
juncus inflexus
kyllinga nemoralis
lagerstroemia indica
lantana camara
lemna trisulca
leucaena leucocephala
litchi chinensis
lobelia angulata
ludwigia octovalvis
lumnitzera racemosa
lycopodiella cernua
macaranga tanarius
malvaviscus penduliflorus
mangifera indica
medinilla speciosa
melaleuca quinquenervia
melanthera biflora
melastoma malabathricum
melia azedarach
memecylon caeruleum
merremia aegyptia
mimosa pudica
morinda citrifolia
murraya paniculata
musa acuminata
myriophyllum aquaticum
myristica fragrans
najas marina
nelumbo nucifera
nepenthes ampullaria
nepenthes talangensis
nepenthes tobaica
nephrolepis abrupta
nertera depressa
nymphaea nouchali
nypa fruticans
ochrosia oppositifolia
oryza sativa
oxalis corniculata
pandanus tectorius
pandanus utilis
paraserianthes lophantha
parochetus communis
passiflora edulis
passiflora foetida
passiflora tarminiana
pemphis acidula
peperomia blanda
persea americana
persicaria capitata
persicaria lapathifolia
persicaria serrulata
phaius tankervilleae
phyla nodiflora
phymatosorus scolopendria
piper nigrum
pipturus argenteus
pisonia grandis
pistia stratiotes
pithecellobium unguis-cati
planchonella obovata
platycerium hillii
plumeria rubra
potamogeton nodosus
pseuderanthemum carruthersii
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
psilotum nudum
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
rafflesia arnoldii
rafflesia keithii
rhizophora mucronata
rhodomyrtus tomentosa
rubus rosifolius
rumex alpinus
rumex crispus
rumex obtusifolius
saccharum officinarum
salvinia natans
sandoricum koetjape
saraca thaipingensis
scaevola taccada
schefflera actinophylla
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
sechium edule
securigera varia
senna bicapsularis
senna obtusifolia
senna sophera
senna surattensis
sesuvium portulacastrum
setaria verticillata
solanum incanum
sonneratia alba
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
stachytarpheta cayennensis
striga asiatica
strongylodon macrobotrys
styrax japonica
suriana maritima
syringodium isoetifolium
syzygium aqueum
syzygium aromaticum
syzygium cumini
syzygium jambos
syzygium malaccense
tacca leontopetaloides
talipariti tiliaceum
tapeinochilos ananassae
taxus sumatrana
tecoma stans
tectona grandis
terminalia catappa
thalassia hemprichii
thalassodendron ciliatum
thelypteris dentata
thelypteris interrupta
theobroma cacao
thespesia populnea
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
tournefortia argentea
trichomanes cupressoides
turnera ulmifolia
typha domingensis
ulex europaeus
umbilicus horizontalis
urena lobata
vanilla planifolia
verbena officinalis
verbena rigida
vigna luteola
vigna marina
vigna vexillata
vitex negundo
vitex trifolia
ximenia americana
xylocarpus granatum
xylocarpus moluccensis
