acacia gummifera
acacia raddiana
actiniopteris semiflabellata
adenium obesum
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum reniforme
aerva javanica
agave americana
aira caryophyllea
aizoon canariense
ajuga chia
albizia lebbeck
alkanna orientalis
alkanna tinctoria
allium subhirsutum
aloe vera
amaranthus lividus
amaranthus powellii
anagallis arvensis
anagyris foetida
andrachne telephioides
androsace maxima
anemone coronaria
anchusa aegyptiaca
anchusa strigosa
anthriscus sylvestris
anthyllis sericea
arabidopsis thaliana
arachis hypogaea
arenaria serpyllifolia
argemone mexicana
argemone ochroleuca
aristida pungens
artemisia campestris
artemisia herba alba
arthrocnemum indicum
arthrocnemum macrostachyum
arthrophytum schimithranum
arum hygrophilum
arundo donax
asparagus horridus
asperugo procumbens
asperula arvensis
asphodeline lutea
astragalus spinosus
atriplex halimus
atriplex holocarpa
avicennia marina
bacopa monnieri
blepharis ciliaris
boerhavia plumbaginea
bongardia chrysogonum
caesalpinia pulcherrima
calendula arvensis
calligonum azel
calligonum comosum
calotropis procera
capparis mucronifolia
capparis spinosa
capsella bursa-pastoris
cardamine pratensis
cardaria draba
carex distans
carica papaya
carthamus tinctorius
centaurea pallescens
cerastium holosteoides
ceratonia siliqua
ceterach officinarum
cirsium vulgare
citrullus colocynthis
citrus limon
cnicus benedictus
cocos nucifera
coffea arabica
colchicum tunicatum
conium maculatum
convolvulus arvensis
coronilla scorpioides
coronopus squamatus
crypsis aculeata
cupressus sempervirens
cuscuta approximata
cydonia oblonga
cynomorium coccineum
cyperus flavescens
cyperus longus
cyperus rotundus
datura stramonium
dianthus strictus
digitaria sanguinalis
dittrichia viscosa
dodonaea viscosa
ecballium elaterium
echinops spinosissimus
eleusine indica
eminium spiculatum
ephedra alata
ephedra pachyclada
eragrostis minor
eremobium aegyptiacum
erodium ciconium
erodium cicutarium
erodium malacoides
eruca sativa
euphorbia balsamifera
euphorbia falcata
euphorbia guyoniana
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia hirta
euphorbia tirucalli
fagonia albiflora
fagonia cretica
ferula communis
ficus carica
forsskaolea tenacissima
galium aparine
geranium favosum
glaucium corniculatum
gomphocarpus sinaicus
gundelia tournefortii
gymnarrhena micrantha
gymnocarpos decander
halocnemum strobilaceum
haloxylon articulatum
helianthemum kahiricum
helianthemum sessiliflorum
helianthemum vesicarium
helianthus annuus
heliotropium europaeum
heliotropium longiflorum
heliotropium ramosissimum
herniaria hirsuta
hibiscus trionum
hyoscyamus aureus
hypecoum imberbe
cheilanthes pteridioides
cheilanthes vellea
chenopodium album
chenopodium glaucum
chenopodium murale
indigofera argentea
indigofera spiniflora
indigofera tinctoria
inula crithmoides
iphiona maris-mortui
juncus inflexus
juniperus phoenicea
lactuca serriola
lagurus ovatus
lamarckia aurea
launaea arborescens
lavandula pubescens
legousia pentagonia
leontice leontopetalum
lepidium ruderale
lepidium sativum
limoniastrum guionianum
linum strictum
lithospermum arvense
lotus gremcus
lotus schimperi
lycium intricatum
matthiola arabica
medicago lupulina
medicago minima
mentha longifolia
mercurialis annua
mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
misopates orontium
moraea sisyrinchium
moricandia arvensis
muscari comosum
nasturtium officinale
nerium oleander
neurada procumbens
nigella arvensis
notobasis syriaca
ochradenus baccatus
olea europaea
ononis natrix
onopordum jordanicola
onopordum transjordanicum
opuntia ficus-indica
ornithogalum umbellatum
orobanche ramosa
osyris alba
oudneya afraicana
oxalis corniculata
oxalis latifolia
oxalis radicosa
panicum capillare
pannicum turgidum
papaver argemone
parietaria judaica
parkinsonia aculeata
paronychia argentea
peganum harmala
pellaea calomelanos
periploca laevigata
persea americana
phagnalon rupestre
phoenix dactylifera
phragmites australis
phyla nodiflora
picnomon acarna
pistacia atlantica
pistia stratiotes
pisum sativum
pituranthos tortuosus
plantago afra
plantago albicans
plantago coronopus
plantago cretica
plantago ovata
plumbago europaea
populus euphratica
portulaca oleracea
potamogeton nodosus
potentilla supina
prunus arabica
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
pteris vittata
pulicaria incisa
radiola linoides
ranunculus asiaticus
reichardia tingitana
reseda alba
reseda lutea
retama raetam
rhizophora mucronata
ricinus communis
roemeria hybrida
ruellia patula
salsola vermiculata
sanguisorba minor
sarcocornia fruticosa
sarcopoterium spinosum
satureja thymbrifolia
scandix pecten-veneris
scirpoides holoschoenus
scorpiurus muricatus
scrophularia canina
scrophularia nabataeorum
searsia tripartita
sedum hispanicum
senna italica
senna obtusifolia
setaria pumila
setaria verticillata
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
schoenus nigricans
silene colorata
silybum marianum
sisymbrium loeselii
sisymbrium orientale
smilax aspera
solanum incanum
sonchus oleraceus
spergularia maritima
spergularia salina
striga hermonthica
suaeda fruticosa
suaeda monoica
suaeda vermiculata
syringodium isoetifolium
tamarix aphylla
tamarix tetragyna
taraxacum sect
thalassodendron ciliatum
thunbergia alata
thymelaea hirsuta
thymus adriensis
traganum nudatum
tribulus terrestris
trifolium fragiferum
trigonella stellata
trichodesma ehrenbergii
typha domingensis
umbilicus horizontalis
umbilicus intermedius
urginea maritima
urtica dioica
urtica pilulifera
urtica urens
valantia hispida
verbascum thapsus
verbena officinalis
veronica polita
vicia sativa
vitex agnus-castus
withania somnifera
xanthium spinosum
zilla spinosa
ziziphus spina-christi
zygophyllum album
zygophyllum dumosum
zygophyllum simplex
zygophyllum waterlotii
