abutilon theophrasti
acacia mearnsii
acacia retinodes
acaena fissistipula
acaena microphylla
acaena novae-zelandiae
acer pseudoplatanus
adiantum hispidulum
agathis australis
agave americana
ageratina adenophora
ageratina riparia
agrimonia eupatoria
agropyron pectinatum
agrostemma githago
agrostis capillaris
agrostis stolonifera
ailanthus altissima
aira caryophyllea
alisma lanceolatum
alisma plantago-aquatica
alopecurus pratensis
amaranthus lividus
amaryllis belladonna
ambrosia artemisiifolia
amphilophium crucigerum
anagallis arvensis
anaphalioides bellidioides
anthemis arvensis
anthemis cotula
anthoxanthum odoratum
anthriscus caucalis
apera spica-venti
aponogeton distachyos
araujia sericifera
arctium lappa
arenaria serpyllifolia
argemone ochroleuca
aristea ecklonii
artemisia absinthium
arthropodium cirrhatum
asparagus aethiopicus
asparagus officinalis
asphodelus fistulosus
asplenium bulbiferum
asplenium flaccidum
asplenium polyodon
atriplex patula
atriplex rosea
avenula pubescens
avicennia marina
bellis perennis
bidens frondosa
bidens tripartita
blechnum discolor
blechnum fluviatile
blechnum penna-marina
botrychium lunaria
briza maxima
briza media
bromus secalinus
bryophyllum pinnatum
buddleja davidii
bulbinella hookeri
bupleurum rotundifolium
caladenia lyallii
calendula arvensis
callitriche stagnalis
calluna vulgaris
calystegia soldanella
camelina microcarpa
campanula rapunculoides
capsella bursa-pastoris
cardamine pratensis
cardiomanes reniforme
carduus acanthoides
carduus crispus
carex echinata
carex flacca
carex lachenalii
carex ovalis
carex panicea
carpobrotus aequilaterus
carpobrotus edulis
celmisia gracilenta
celmisia lindsayi
celmisia sessiliflora
celmisia spectabilis
centaurea solstitialis
cerastium arvense
cerastium holosteoides
cerastium semidecandrum
ceratophyllum demersum
chaerophyllum temulum
chelidonium majus
chenopodium murale
chenopodium pumilio
chenopodium vulvaria
cirsium arvense
cirsium palustre
cirsium vulgare
clianthus puniceus
cobaea scandens
conium maculatum
convolvulus arvensis
cordyline australis
cordyline fruticosa
coriaria arborea
coriaria sarmentosa
coronopus squamatus
cosmos bipinnatus
cotula coronopifolia
cotyledon orbiculata
crepis capillaris
crocosmia 
cuscuta epithymum
cyathea dealbata
cyathea medullaris
cynara cardunculus
cyperus eragrostis
cystopteris fragilis
cytisus scoparius
daboecia cantabrica
dacrydium cupressinum
dactylis glomerata
daucus carota
descurainia sophia
dicranopteris linearis
diplotaxis muralis
discaria toumatou
disphyma australe
dracunculus vulgaris
drosera stenopetala
earina mucronata
eleusine indica
elytrigia repens
enterolobium cyclocarpum
epilobium alsinoides
epilobium brunnescens
epilobium ciliatum
epilobium obscurum
epilobium parviflorum
equisetum arvense
erigeron karvinskianus
erodium cicutarium
erophila verna
euphorbia cyparissias
euphorbia glauca
euphorbia helioscopia
euphorbia hirta
fallopia aubertii
fallopia convolvulus
festuca arundinacea
festuca ovina
festuca pratensis
festuca rubra
fragaria vesca
fuchsia boliviana
fuchsia excorticata
fuchsia magellanica
fumaria officinalis
galium aparine
galium palustre
galium spurium
geranium molle
geranium purpureum
geranium pusillum
geranium robertianum
geranium sessiliflorum
gnaphalium sylvaticum
gunnera tinctoria
haastia pulvinaris
hedychium gardnerianum
helianthus tuberosus
hesperis matronalis
hieracium aurantiacum
hieracium lachenalii
hieracium maculatum
hieracium murorum
hieracium pilosella
histiopteris incisa
holcus lanatus
hydrangea macrophylla
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hypericum androsaemum
hypericum montanum
hypochaeris radicata
impatiens balsamina
ipomoea cairica
isolepis setacea
juncus articulatus
juncus conglomeratus
juncus inflexus
juncus subnodulosus
juncus tenuis
kochia scoparia
kunzea ericoides
lactuca serriola
lagurus ovatus
lamium album
lantana camara
lantana montevidensis
lapsana communis
lathyrus pratensis
lavandula stoechas
lemna gibba
lemna minor
leontodon autumnalis
lepidium ruderale
leptopteris superba
leptospermum scoparium
leucanthemum vulgare
ligustrum lucidum
ligustrum vulgare
linaria vulgaris
linum monogynum
lobelia angulata
lobularia maritima
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lonicera japonica
lonicera maackii
lophospermum erubescens
lunaria rediviva
lupinus arboreus
luzula campestris
lysimachia vulgaris
lythrum hyssopifolia
malva sylvestris
marrubium vulgare
matricaria recutita
mazus radicans
medicago arborea
medicago minima
melianthus major
melilotus albus
mercurialis annua
metrosideros excelsa
mycelis muralis
myoporum insulare
myoporum laetum
myosotis ramosissima
myosotis sylvatica
myriophyllum aquaticum
neopaxia australasica
nertera ciliata
nertera depressa
nymphaea alba
oenothera rosea
onopordum acanthium
ourisia macrophylla
ourisia vulcanica
oxalis articulata
oxalis fontana
pachystegia insignis
papaver dubium
papaver rhoeas
parapholis incurva
paraserianthes lophantha
parochetus communis
passiflora caerulea
pastinaca sativa
petrorhagia prolifera
phalaris arundinacea
phleum pratense
phormium colensoi
phormium tenax
phragmites australis
physalis peruviana
picris hieracioides
plantago coronopus
plantago media
poa compressa
podocarpus totara
polygala lancifolia
polygonum arenastrum
populus alba
potentilla anserina
potentilla argentea
potentilla recta
potentilla reptans
prunella vulgaris
pseudognaphalium luteoalbum
psilotum nudum
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
pterostylis banksii
puccinellia distans
pulegium vulgare
ranunculus flammula
ranunculus insignis
ranunculus lyallii
ranunculus repens
raoulia grandiflora
raoulia hookeri
reseda lutea
reseda luteola
reynoutria sachalinensis
rhabdothamnus solandri
rhamnus alaternus
rhododendron ponticum
rhopalostylis sapida
rorippa amphibia
rorippa palustris
rorippa sylvestris
rosa multiflora
rubus ulmifolius
rudbeckia laciniata
rumex crispus
rumex obtusifolius
rumohra adiantiformis
sagina procumbens
salvia verbenaca
samolus repens
sanguisorba minor
scandix pecten-veneris
schoenoplectus pungens
schoenoplectus tabernaemontani
scleranthus biflorus
sechium edule
senecio elegans
senecio vulgaris
setaria pumila
setaria viridis
silene conica
silene dioica
silene latifolia
solandra maxima
solanum laciniatum
solanum linnaeanum
solanum marginatum
solanum mauritianum
solidago canadensis
solidago gigantea
sonchus arvensis
sonchus oleraceus
sparaxis bulbifera
spergularia rubra
spergularia salina
stellaria graminea
sticherus cunninghamii
stuckenia pectinata
symphyotrichum lanceolatum
symphyotrichum squamatum
taraxacum sect
tetragonia trigyna
thelymitra nervosa
thelypteris palustris
todea barbara
trachelium caeruleum
tragopogon pratensis
tribulus terrestris
trifolium dubium
trifolium medium
trifolium pratense
trifolium striatum
triglochin palustris
tsuga heterophylla
typha domingensis
typha latifolia
ulex europaeus
umbilicus horizontalis
urtica urens
vaccaria hispanica
verbascum thapsus
verbena rigida
veronica anagallis-aquatica
veronica arvensis
veronica chamaedrys
veronica polita
veronica scutellata
veronica serpyllifolia
vicia cracca
vicia tetrasperma
vinca minor
viola cunninghamii
zannichellia palustris
zantedeschia aethiopica
