acacia karroo
adiantum capillus-veneris
adiantum hispidulum
agapanthus praecox
aloe arborescens
aloe ferox
aloe microstigma
aloe plicatilis
amaryllis belladonna
anagallis arvensis
anisodontea scabrosa
anogramma leptophylla
anthemis cotula
aponogeton distachyos
aptenia cordifolia
aptosimum procumbens
arctopus echinatus
arctotheca populifolia
arundo donax
asparagus aethiopicus
asplenium adiantum-nigrum
asplenium trichomanes
atriplex halimus
aulax umbellata
avena fatua
babiana angustifolia
babiana fragrans
babiana melanops
babiana sambucina
babiana tubiflora
babiana villosa
baeometra uniflora
ballota africana
berzelia abrotanoides
berzelia intermedia
berzelia lanuginosa
blechnum capense
blechnum punctulatum
bobartia macrospatha
brabejum stellatifolium
brachysiphon fucatus
briza maxima
brunia laevis
brunia noduliflora
bulbine frutescens
bulbinella cauda-felis
burchellia bubalina
calodendrum capense
cannomois virgata
carpanthea pomeridiana
carpobrotus acinaciformis
carpobrotus edulis
cheilanthes hirta
chondropetalum mucronatum
chrysanthemoides monilifera
commelina africana
corycium orobanchoides
cotula coronopifolia
cotyledon orbiculata
crassula dichotoma
crassula fascicularis
crassula orbicularis
crassula rupestris
cullumia setosa
cullumia squarrosa
cunonia capensis
cussonia spicata
cussonia thyrsiflora
cyathea capensis
cyathea dregei
cysticapnos vesicaria
cystopteris fragilis
diastella divaricata
dicerothamnus rhinocerotis
didelta carnosa
dietes iridioides
digitaria sanguinalis
dimorphotheca pluvialis
diospyros dichrophylla
diplotaxis muralis
disa ferruginea
dischisma ciliatum
dodonaea viscosa
drosera cistiflora
drosera hilaris
drosera pauciflora
drosera trinervia
echinochloa crus-galli
echium plantagineum
elegia capensis
elegia cuspidata
elegia juncea
elegia spathacea
empodium gloriosum
empodium plicatum
encephalartos longifolius
erica abietina
erica andreaei
erica articularis
erica baccans
erica caffra
erica cerinthoides
erica coccinea
erica copiosa
erica corifolia
erica cristiflora
erica cumuliflora
erica diosmifolia
erica discolor
erica dolfiana
erica formosa
erica gibbosa
erica glandulosa
erica hispidula
erica imbricata
erica irregularis
erica labialis
erica lehmannii
erica lutea
erica mammosa
erica mauritanica
erica mollis
erica plukenetii
erica quadrangularis
erica regia
erica retorta
erica sessiliflora
erica unicolor
erica viscaria
euphorbia caput-medusae
euphorbia mauritanica
ferraria crispa
festuca arundinacea
freesia alba
gazania pectinata
geissorhiza aspera
geissorhiza imbricata
geissorhiza monanthos
geissorhiza ovata
geissorhiza radians
geranium incanum
geranium molle
gerbera cordata
gladiolus alatus
gladiolus brevifolius
gladiolus bullatus
gladiolus carneus
gladiolus caryophyllaceus
gladiolus cunonius
gladiolus debilis
gladiolus hirsutus
gladiolus meliusculus
gladiolus patersoniae
gladiolus rogersii
gladiolus venustus
gleichenia polypodioides
glottiphyllum depressum
gnidia anomala
gomphocarpus cancellatus
grewia occidentalis
grewia robusta
grielum grandiflorum
halleria lucida
hebenstretia dentata
hebenstretia robusta
helichrysum foetidum
heliophila coronopifolia
histiopteris incisa
holcus lanatus
hordeum murinum
huperzia gnidioides
hydrocotyle verticillata
hymenophyllum tunbrigense
hyobanche sanguinea
hypodiscus aristatus
ipomoea cairica
ischyrolepis subverticillata
ixia curta
ixia micrandra
ixia orientalis
ixia purpureorosea
ixia scillaris
jamesbrittenia microphylla
jamesbrittenia tortuosa
knowltonia vesicatoria
lachenalia unifolia
lagurus ovatus
lampranthus coccineus
lemna minor
leonotis leonurus
leonotis ocymifolia
lepisorus schraderi
lessertia frutescens
leucadendron argenteum
leucadendron galpinii
leucadendron gandogeri
leucadendron glaberrimum
leucadendron laureolum
leucadendron loranthifolium
leucadendron rubrum
leucadendron salignum
leucadendron strobilinum
leucadendron teretifolium
leucadendron xanthoconus
leucas capensis
leucospermum bolusii
leucospermum catherinae
leucospermum conocarpodendron
leucospermum cordifolium
leucospermum cuneiforme
leucospermum formosum
leucospermum glabrum
leucospermum gracile
leucospermum muirii
leucospermum mundii
leucospermum oleifolium
leucospermum patersonii
leucospermum reflexum
leucospermum tottum
leucospermum truncatulum
leucospermum vestitum
leucospermum wittebergense
limeum africanum
liparia splendens
lobelia pinifolia
lolium perenne
lolium temulentum
lycopodiella cernua
lycopodium clavatum
lyperia lychnidea
lyperia tristis
maireana brevifolia
manulea tomentosa
massonia pustulata
maytenus procumbens
melianthus dregeanus
melianthus major
mesembryanthemum crystallinum
mesembryanthemum nodiflorum
microloma tenuifolium
mimetes cucullatus
mimetes fimbriifolius
mimetes pauciflorus
mohria caffrorum
monsonia speciosa
montinia caryophyllacea
moquiniella rubra
moraea bellendenii
moraea bituminosa
moraea cooperi
moraea flaccida
moraea gawleri
moraea lugubris
moraea miniata
moraea neglecta
moraea ochroleuca
moraea polystachya
moraea ramosissima
moraea tripetala
moraea villosa
myosotis arvensis
myriophyllum aquaticum
myriophyllum spicatum
myrsine africana
najas marina
nicotiana glauca
nivenia binata
nuxia floribunda
nylandtia spinosa
nymania capensis
ocotea bullata
oftia africana
ornithogalum maculatum
ornithogalum thyrsoides
osmitopsis asteriscoides
osmunda regalis
osyris lanceolata
oxalis pes-caprae
oxalis versicolor
paranomus dispersus
paranomus dregei
paranomus reflexus
pelargonium abrotanifolium
pelargonium betulinum
pelargonium capitatum
pelargonium fulgidum
pelargonium hermanniifolium
pelargonium peltatum
pelargonium triste
pellaea calomelanos
pellaea pteroides
pellaea viridis
petrorhagia prolifera
phaenocoma prolifera
phragmites australis
phylica pubescens
plantago coronopus
plantago lanceolata
plantago major
pleopeltis macrocarpa
poa annua
poa pratensis
podalyria calyptrata
polygala lancifolia
polygala myrtifolia
portulacaria afra
potamogeton trichoides
protea canaliculata
protea compacta
protea cynaroides
protea eximia
protea lacticolor
protea laurifolia
protea lepidocarpodendron
protea longifolia
protea lorifolia
protea mundii
protea neriifolia
protea nitida
protea obtusifolia
protea punctata
protea repens
protea scabra
protea scolymocephala
protea speciosa
psoralea aphylla
pteridium aquilinum
pteris vittata
pterocelastrus tricuspidatus
pterygodium alatum
pterygodium catholicum
ptisana fraxinea
ranunculus multifidus
rapanea melanophloeos
restio quadratus
rhigozum obovatum
roella ciliata
romulea eximia
romulea fibrosa
romulea hirsuta
romulea obscura
romulea rosea
romulea tabularis
roridula gorgonias
rumex acetosella
rumohra adiantiformis
saltera sarcocolla
salvia africana-caerulea
salvia africana-lutea
satyrium erectum
scabiosa africana
scleranthus annuus
searsia crenata
searsia glauca
searsia lancea
sebaea exacoides
senecio elegans
seriphium cinereum
serruria elongata
serruria fucifolia
serruria glomerata
serruria rosea
serruria triternata
setaria verticillata
sideroxylon inerme
silene primuliflora
silene vulgaris
solanum linnaeanum
sparaxis bulbifera
spergularia maritima
spergularia rubra
stachys aethiopica
stellaria media
stilbe vestita
stoebe alopecuroides
strelitzia alba
strelitzia reginae
stuckenia pectinata
syncarpha canescens
syncarpha milleflora
tarchonanthus camphoratus
thamnochortus cinereus
thamnochortus pluristachyus
thamnochortus spicigerus
thelypteris interrupta
thesidium fragile
todea barbara
tritonia securigera
tritoniopsis lata
tylecodon paniculatus
utricularia bisquamata
virgilia divaricata
viscum capense
viscum obscurum
vitis vinifera
wachendorfia paniculata
wahlenbergia capensis
widdringtonia nodiflora
willdenowia arescens
zaluzianskya villosa
zantedeschia aethiopica
zehneria scabra
zygophyllum morgsana
