acalypha hispida
albizia saman
aleurites moluccana
alpinia purpurata
alstonia macrophylla
antigonon leptopus
artocarpus altilis
asplenium nidus
asplenium polyodon
avicennia marina
barringtonia asiatica
bruguiera gymnorhiza
calophyllum inophyllum
cananga odorata
canavalia cathartica
cascabela thevetia
casuarina equisetifolia
ceriops tagal
chrysobalanus icaco
citrus maxima
coccinia grandis
cocos nucifera
codiaeum variegatum
colubrina asiatica
cordia subcordata
crinum asiaticum
cuphea ignea
cyperus rotundus
cyrtanthus mackenii
dianella ensifolia
dicranopteris linearis
dodonaea viscosa
eleocharis dulcis
eleusine indica
emilia fosbergii
ficus benjamina
gliricidia sepium
gossypium barbadense
guettarda speciosa
hernandia nymphaeifolia
hippobroma longiflora
histiopteris incisa
huperzia squarrosa
intsia bijuga
ipomoea cairica
ipomoea obscura
ipomoea pes-caprae
ipomoea quamoclit
kyllinga nemoralis
leucaena leucocephala
ludwigia octovalvis
macaranga tanarius
melanthera biflora
melastoma malabathricum
morinda citrifolia
murraya paniculata
ochrosia oppositifolia
osteomeles anthyllidifolia
pandanus tectorius
passiflora foetida
phaius tankervilleae
pisonia grandis
pseuderanthemum carruthersii
pseuderanthemum laxiflorum
rubus rosifolius
rumex crispus
sambucus nigra
scaevola taccada
schizostachyum glaucifolium
sesuvium portulacastrum
solandra maxima
solanum mauritianum
spathoglottis plicata
sphagneticola trilobata
spondias dulcis
stachytarpheta cayennensis
suriana maritima
syringodium isoetifolium
syzygium jambos
tacca leontopetaloides
talipariti tiliaceum
terminalia catappa
thalassodendron ciliatum
thespesia populnea
thunbergia fragrans
thunbergia grandiflora
thunbergia laurifolia
tournefortia argentea
turnera ulmifolia
vigna marina
xylocarpus granatum
xylocarpus moluccensis
